
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354541000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261608624500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              265868405                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                265859921                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              799649002                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 760116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117871099                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117871099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        87296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        27392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        26368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       108736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        55296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            317120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        87296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        26368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       108736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       222400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        16640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          16640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          260                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               260                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    246222581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     77260458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     74372216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     33936837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    306695135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    155965036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            894452264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    246222581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     74372216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    306695135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       627289933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       46933923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            46933923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       46933923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    246222581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     77260458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     74372216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     33936837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    306695135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    155965036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           941386187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        35584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       154048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        69568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       560640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            825984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        35584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        41728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       547392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         547392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         8760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              12906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         8553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              8553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    100366389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    434499818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     10108845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    196219901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7220604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1581312175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2329727732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    100366389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     10108845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7220604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       117695838                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1543945552                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1543945552                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1543945552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    100366389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    434499818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     10108845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    196219901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      7220604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1581312175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          3873673285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138947500     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151207000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61965000     75.51%     75.51% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.49%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.414480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.934687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.614958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.799521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130043                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2184                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2184                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.078445                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078445                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.050736                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050736                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.231668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.616754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.355207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334685                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351590500     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357376500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.44%      5.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1018699000     93.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.280501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.220748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.252767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.027733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78630                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050487                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050487                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.044118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.803958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.394137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.409820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357113000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357277500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.196767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   272.047466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.531343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.533587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.517578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551062000     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560495000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509970000     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.435449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.448689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.312533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.122916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79897                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79897                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6978                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6978                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080322                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080322                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.065421                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065421                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.405199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.465997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22124                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11299                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1305                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            8686                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8147                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          539                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8326                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4083                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2520                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              146                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             52                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             198                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2717                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2717                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       522960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       205016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1162984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            45150                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             67145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.179582                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.404583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   55635     82.86%     82.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   10963     16.33%     99.19% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     546      0.81%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               67145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34388                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17075                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1281                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9516                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8651                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          865                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4239                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              109                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             87                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             196                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1342880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1835496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            32531                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             66568                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.191924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.425535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   54657     82.11%     82.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   11046     16.59%     98.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     865      1.30%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               66568                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                9207                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3759.433788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  8548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                9207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.928424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1847.742606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    67.232096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   126.702926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    12.177493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    11.240394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   765.816646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   575.098722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   140.046649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   213.376257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.451109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.016414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.030933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.002973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.002744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.186967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.140405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.034191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.052094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.917831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3554                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867676                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              178146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             178146                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4083                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4083                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             242                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          563                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          801                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1364                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1081                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          700                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1781                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          801                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          780                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          100                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1919                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          555                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2474                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1920                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          468                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2388                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1837                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          860                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2697                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1415                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4083                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4083                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          100                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2081                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1560                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.851852                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.968504                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.922153                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.874016                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.910898                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.773258                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.368794                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.636461                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.629541                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.551282                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.602278                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.773258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.751350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.368794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.644647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.690572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.773258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.751350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.368794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.644647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.690572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4350                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4350                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               11387                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3620.339788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 16008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               11387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.405814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1651.780847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   324.331784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   239.010818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   167.108782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   163.670493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.010069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   464.924926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   609.502068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.403267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.079183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.058352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.040798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.039959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.113507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.148804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.883872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4041                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          652                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3074                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986572                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              284363                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             284363                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          399                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             399                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2531                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2531                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2254                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2255                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2531                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2653                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          108                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6472                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6472                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1740                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1740                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3741                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3742                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1740                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11954                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5995                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5997                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990654                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990826                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.941930                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.941930                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.407399                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.407399                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.624020                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.623979                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.407399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.793798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.697474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.407399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.793798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.697474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4496                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4496                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        16604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        22612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         7290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         7300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 29912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       163008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       598976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       762024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       178176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       178216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 940240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           30923                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            51228                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.591512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.491559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  20926     40.85%     40.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  30302     59.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              51228                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              8164                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             243                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8889                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8164                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        25702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         8254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        33956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        15987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        15987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 49943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       872192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       180008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1052200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       597056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       597056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1649256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            9537                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            42935                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.220450                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.414555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  33470     77.96%     77.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   9465     22.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              42935                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6851                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.191040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           83                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.012115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.800273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.374799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.690266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.186616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.137032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.612517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.023425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.043142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.196065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.886940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       100050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       100050                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4237                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4237                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          113                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1881                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          545                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          556                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1404                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          667                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2683                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         5109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          556                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3285                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         5109                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4237                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4237                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1885                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          546                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2431                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          556                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1408                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          671                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2691                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         5122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         5122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998168                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997943                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997159                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994039                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997027                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         4222                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         4222                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2701                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.403941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           92                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.034061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.450401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     3.282285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.364793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     1.094512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.598011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.039970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.573969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.153150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.205143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.068407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.037376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.252498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.223373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        47038                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        47038                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          164                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          164                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1699                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          906                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1699                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          941                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          164                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          164                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1700                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          912                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2612                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999412                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993421                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997320                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          157                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          157                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2699                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.533549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           68                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.025195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.741151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     3.645783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.364793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     1.094550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.365018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.459237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.863016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.108822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.227861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.068409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.278702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.241438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        46898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        46898                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          157                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          157                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1699                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          904                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2603                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         2637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1699                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          938                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         2637                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          157                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          157                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1699                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          906                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2605                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         2640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         2640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997792                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          147                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          147                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6841                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.622168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           60                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.008771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.287697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.376920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.718726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.167481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.069354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.580481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.023557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.044920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.191835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.851385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        99802                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        99802                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          113                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1881                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          545                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          556                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          667                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2682                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         5108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          556                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3284                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         5108                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1881                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          545                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2426                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          556                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1404                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          667                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2683                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         5109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         5109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999288                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999627                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         4221                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         4221                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33933                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8144                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28434                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4590                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62367                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12734                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165989                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17159                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160182                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220906                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112945                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62631                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34137                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28494                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      231003.138567                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70716.861433                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234379                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765621                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22557                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95944     57.76%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35097     21.13%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28774     17.32%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166101                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522810171                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655417640.080679                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867392530.919321                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191782                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808218                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522810057                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520456426.663416                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353630.336584                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523217250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644500077.228022                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2878717172.771978                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636431                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363569                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5288                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4379                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4502                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          132                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           77                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2462                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2461                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5288                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        16562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        16562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         8229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         8229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              24791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       597184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       597184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       179048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       179048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              776232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        30912                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         47060                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.642053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.479402                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               16845     35.79%     35.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               30215     64.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           47060                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.972670                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                972669771000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3234634877000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1869057                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1869057                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              882991858                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 766260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1101.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2058881290                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2058881290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        14144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        14016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        94976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        28864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst     15803456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     30902080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       305472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       209024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          47372032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        14144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        94976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     15803456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       305472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     16218048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     19481088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19481088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       246929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       482845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         4773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         3266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             740188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       304392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            304392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        14541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        14410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        97645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        29675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     16247504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     31770372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       314055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       214897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             48703099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        14541                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        97645                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     16247504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       314055                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        16673745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       20028471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            20028471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       20028471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        14541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        14410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        97645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        29675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     16247504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     31770372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       314055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       214897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            68731570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       184448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        83520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    830054464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        66944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      3822080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         834270528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        83520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       120448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    166750016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      166750016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data     12969601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        59720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           13035477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      2605469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2605469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        22766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        37966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       189631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst        85867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    853377466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        68825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        3929473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            857711993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        37966                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        85867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          123832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      171435384                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           171435384                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      171435384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        22766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        37966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       189631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst        85867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    853377466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        68825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       3929473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1029147378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     999                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     21695                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    5001     25.39%     25.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    297      1.51%     26.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      5.06%     31.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     31.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  13402     68.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               19697                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     5001     44.27%     44.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     297      2.63%     46.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     996      8.82%     55.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     55.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    5001     44.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                11296                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            971913309500     99.90%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               22275000      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              892153500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972876706500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.373153                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.573488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                    4      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                17111     83.87%     83.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1994      9.77%     93.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    1292      6.33%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 20401                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1298                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       4                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4625                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          481.218321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             558052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           120.659892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   481.218321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.939880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1717699                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1717699                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       537658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         537658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       292462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        292462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         7893                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7893                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6722                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6722                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       830120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          830120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       830120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         830120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          275                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          275                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1144                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1144                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          9488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         9488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       542974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       542974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       296634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       296634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       839608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       839608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       839608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       839608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.014064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.033668                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033668                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.145436                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.145436                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1983                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             9678                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1105896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           114.269064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5004646                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5004646                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2487806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2487806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2487806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2487806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2487806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2487806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          9678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         9678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2497484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2497484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2497484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2497484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2497484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2497484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9678                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             9678                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     998                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     18123                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    4207     26.59%     26.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      6.30%     32.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  10616     67.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               15820                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     4207     44.71%     44.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     996     10.58%     55.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     55.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    4206     44.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 9410                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            971830671500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              531124000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972410764000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.396194                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.594817                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   18      0.11%      0.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.01%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                13806     81.95%     82.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1992     11.82%     93.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     93.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    1017      6.04%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.05%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 16847                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               36                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               1000                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 23                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    3                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.638889                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.003000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.043561                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          72833000      0.01%      0.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            50750500      0.01%      0.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        780883259500     99.98%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      18                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             9704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          492.708512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             336118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             9704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            34.637057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   492.708512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.962321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1263898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1263898                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       384378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         384378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       220116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        220116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3564                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3564                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3424                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3424                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       604494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          604494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       604494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         604494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3224                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3224                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          264                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          264                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         13594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        13594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       394748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       394748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       223340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       223340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3688                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3688                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       618088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       618088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       618088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       618088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.026270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.014435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.034146                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.034146                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.071584                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.071584                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3427                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3427                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            10150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            1106211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           108.986305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.000061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3696412                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         3696412                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1832978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1832978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1832978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         1832978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1832978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        1832978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        10152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         10152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        10152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1843130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1843130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1843130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      1843130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1843130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      1843130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        10150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            10150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     182                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                  11781053                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   18206     39.63%     39.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     55      0.12%     39.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      2.17%     41.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     41.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  26683     58.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               45941                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    18205     48.60%     48.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      55      0.15%     48.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     996      2.66%     51.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     51.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   18204     48.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                37461                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            970641032500     99.77%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3932500      0.00%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2182810000      0.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972876691000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999945                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.682232                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815415                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       427     62.34%     62.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        12      1.75%     64.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.29%     64.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                      235     34.31%     98.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.15%     98.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      0.15%     98.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.15%     99.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.15%     99.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        2      0.29%     99.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.15%     99.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.15%     99.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.15%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   685                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  229      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                37791      2.96%      2.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   2263      0.18%      3.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      3.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    7098      0.56%      3.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 700      0.05%      3.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%      3.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique            1229298     96.23%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total               1277392                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7326                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               7050                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               7049                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 7050                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.962189                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.980732                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       13053718500      1.34%      1.34% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        960601545500     98.66%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     229                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         25306523                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.933311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          485549166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         25306523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.186720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.029153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.904158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1047078525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1047078525                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    324936821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      324936821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    147976774                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     147976774                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6297371                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      6297371                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6361489                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      6361489                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    472913595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       472913595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    472913595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      472913595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     23419500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     23419500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1827211                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1827211                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        64536                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        64536                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          359                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          359                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     25246711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      25246711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     25246711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     25246711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    348356321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    348356321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    149803985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    149803985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6361907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      6361907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6361848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      6361848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    498160306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    498160306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    498160306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    498160306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.067229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.012197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.010144                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010144                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000056                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.050680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.050680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4645715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          4645715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements         12250865                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1914546032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs         12250865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           156.278437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.056603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.943397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3901811587                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      3901811587                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1932529496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1932529496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1932529496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1932529496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1932529496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1932529496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     12250865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12250865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     12250865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total      12250865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     12250865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total     12250865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1944780361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1944780361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1944780361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1944780361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1944780361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1944780361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks     12250865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total         12250865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    1001                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     17569                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    4083     26.23%     26.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      6.40%     32.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.02%     32.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  10482     67.35%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               15564                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     4083     44.55%     44.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     996     10.87%     55.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.03%     55.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    4082     44.54%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 9164                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            972045268000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              522978500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972617402000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.389429                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.588795                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    7      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                13568     81.89%     81.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1995     12.04%     93.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     998      6.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 16568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1005                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       7                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             5082                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          460.359010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             272583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.636954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   460.359010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.899139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1102835                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1102835                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       342649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         342649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       189195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        189195                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3070                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3070                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2878                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2878                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       531844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          531844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       531844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         531844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          234                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          234                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          9099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         9099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       350496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       350496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       190447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       540943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       540943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       540943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       540943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.006574                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006574                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016026                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.016026                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075193                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.075193                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             8553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             743533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             8553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            86.932421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3268811                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         3268811                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1621576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1621576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1621576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         1621576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1621576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        1621576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         8553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          8553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         8553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         8553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1630129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1630129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1630129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      1630129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1630129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      1630129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         8553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             8553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 583                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  4804608                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        590                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2504                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2504                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               81208                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              81208                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         8912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         2976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         2640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        16958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       150466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       150466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  167424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        35648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         3266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1485                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        42111                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      4805896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      4805896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  4848007                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                75233                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                75233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               677097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              677097                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              161                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           75072                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                75072                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         78878                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        41073                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        16086                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          228533                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        91772                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       136761                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                1779                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              37696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               3184                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              3184                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5410                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        10752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4361                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1408                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5510                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3294                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3294                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          19830                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         16087                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        23689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        32735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        26723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        36744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 119891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       896704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       552574                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1060544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1057136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 3566958                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         27593414                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          27671063                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.014415                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.155215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                27408953     99.05%     99.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                  125348      0.45%     99.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  136762      0.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            27671063                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      75151430                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     37573674                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       216678                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2532043                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      2228802                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       303241                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 564                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           35751915                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4646329                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean     12158661                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         20550702                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1508                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            593                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2101                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1826955                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1826955                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       12259418                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      23491933                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     36654080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     75821080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        23417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        24961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              112523538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1561805760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1917202573                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       951296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       590340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              3480549969                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         16254446                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          91407391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.035765                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.202783                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                88441444     96.76%     96.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 2662702      2.91%     99.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  303244      0.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            91407391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                7536                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3853.032301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 15372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                7536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                2.039809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1030.850661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5.771500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    13.770481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     3.529677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     3.000082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   209.809777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   233.203863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst  1000.048935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1353.047326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.251673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.001409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.003362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.051223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.056935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.244153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.330334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.940682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3934                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960449                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              515478                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             515478                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5410                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5410                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        10752                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        10752                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          480                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          540                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1020                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         9457                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         8091                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        17548                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4202                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5000                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         9202                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         9457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         8091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              27770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         9457                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4682                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         8091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5540                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             27770                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3332                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          751                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4083                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          255                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1384                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1929                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2072                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          221                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2061                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2282                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4087                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4644                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             8998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          221                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          700                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6016                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            8998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5410                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5410                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        10752                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        10752                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3336                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          751                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4087                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1131                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          255                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1386                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          623                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2469                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3092                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9678                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10152                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        19830                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4759                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9087                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        13846                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        11556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          36768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        11556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         36768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998801                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999021                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998232                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998557                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.229535                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.781288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.670116                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.022835                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.203014                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.115078                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.117041                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.449763                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.335404                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.022835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.130063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.203014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.520595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.244724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.022835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.130063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.203014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.520595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.244724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           2607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                2607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements            14167562                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4066.634288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              57338849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs            14167562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                4.047192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   432.957975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.031276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.068685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.020769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.021421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   108.412971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  3522.370930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.416496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.333766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.105703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.026468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.859954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.992831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4078                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1707                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1544                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995605                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           615476132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          615476132                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4646329                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4646329                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     12158661                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total     12158661                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       753924                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          753955                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11996949                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3771                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     12000720                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     11093837                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1041                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     11094878                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11996949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     11847761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           23849553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11996949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     11847761                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3771                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1072                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          23849553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          577                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          635                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1212                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          337                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          222                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          559                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1072404                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       1072935                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       253916                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4782                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       258698                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     12389417                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6399                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     12395816                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       253916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     13461821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total         13727449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       253916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     13461821                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4782                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6930                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total        13727449                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4646329                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4646329                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     12158661                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total     12158661                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          580                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          635                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1215                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          339                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          222                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          561                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1826328                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          562                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1826890                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     12250865                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         8553                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     12259418                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     23483254                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7440                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     23490694                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     12250865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     25309582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         8553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       37577002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     12250865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     25309582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         8553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      37577002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994828                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997531                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994100                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996435                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.587191                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.944840                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.587301                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020726                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.559102                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.021102                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.527585                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.860081                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.527690                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.531886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.559102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.866033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.365315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.531886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.559102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.866033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.365315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        2835251                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             2835251                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               2343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            676950                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              6136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             6136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       366602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          223680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5438                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1956                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           7109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            78673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           78457                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       674607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        75072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        75072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        21013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        15030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        45969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1999531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      2006563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        45888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       179811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       225699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               2278231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       275264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       467072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        23086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       765422                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     66101376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        19025                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     66120401                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       978944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      3835968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      4814912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               71700735                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        26076688                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         27606624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.944532                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.228891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                1531273      5.55%      5.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               26075351     94.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           27606624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          12658345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2897444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        10751262                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1134483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1134418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12657781                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     38916563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      2133559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     41050122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       194291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       194291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              41244413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    993056064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     66974609                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total   1060030673                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      8125504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      8125504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             1068156177                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         1956903                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         29403697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.066491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.249138                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               27448616     93.35%     93.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                1955081      6.65%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           29403697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        65371                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.662202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        65371                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.002142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.367745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.188196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.105148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.960484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.011762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.006572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.437500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      1106277                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      1106277                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        62210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        62210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           30                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          137                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1678                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1726                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          329                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          577                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2221                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          142                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3269                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        59776                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        59776                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3899                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          142                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4995                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        62210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        62210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1688                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          577                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2222                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        59776                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        59776                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         5025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         5025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994076                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994240                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999550                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.881988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.993919                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.881988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.881988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        62197                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        62197                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       951705                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.976361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        34424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       951705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.036171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.440180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.646310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.844254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.031413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.402511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.102894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.490266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses     11993293                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses     11993293                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       291975                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       291975                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          453                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          453                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         5282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2751                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         8064                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         5282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         8517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         5282                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3204                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         8517                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          481                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          628                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1109                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          308                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          219                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          527                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        76402                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          200                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        76602                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       247329                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       411329                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5656                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       669087                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       247329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       487731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       745689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       247329                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       487731                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4773                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5856                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       745689                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       291975                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       291975                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          481                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          628                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          308                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          219                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          527                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        76855                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        77055                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       252611                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       414080                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4782                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5678                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       677151                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       252611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       490935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       754206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       252611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       490935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       754206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994106                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994121                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.979090                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993356                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998118                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996125                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.988091                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.979090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.988707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.979090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.988707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks       290254                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total       290254                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       955859                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.983087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         6199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       955859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.006485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.112717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.906695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.891305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.024575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.047795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.382045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.119168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.493207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.002987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses     11862547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses     11862547                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       290254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       290254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          400                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1167                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1567                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         1778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          400                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1378                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         1778                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          481                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          628                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1109                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          308                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          219                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          527                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        76191                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          200                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        76391                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       246929                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       410162                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5656                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       667520                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       246929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       486353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       743911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       246929                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       486353                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4773                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5856                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       743911                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       290254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       290254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          481                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          628                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          308                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          219                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          527                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        76402                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          200                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        76602                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       247329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       411329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4773                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5656                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       669087                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       247329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       487731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       745689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       247329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       487731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       745689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997246                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998383                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997163                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997658                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks       288923                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total       288923                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements        65367                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.781446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           76                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs        65367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.001163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.339345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.327361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.111784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.002513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.958709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.020460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.006987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.250000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      1165413                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      1165413                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        62197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        62197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          137                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1677                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        59776                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        61501                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          328                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          577                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2220                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          142                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3267                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        59918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total        64768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          376                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3897                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        59918                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total        64768                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        62197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        62197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1678                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        59776                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        61502                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          577                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          142                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3269                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        59918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total        64771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        59918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total        64771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999404                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996960                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999550                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999388                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks        62193                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total        62193                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              552307                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             306972                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              859279                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             270255                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         270255                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1945754417                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            2497484                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              2497484                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      2397690                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           268                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             131036                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       175357                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             2397690                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  268                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      3239876                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      1878083                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          132                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          136                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               860902                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             552921                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            307981                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1943257400.582566                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2497016.417433                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.001283                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.998717                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   351182                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        11463      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          1505225     60.27%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            8574      0.34%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              8      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          571765     22.89%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         309977     12.41%     96.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         90472      3.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           2497484                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              398288                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           21797                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             227992                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          12576                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              626280                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               148                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           34373                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             313467                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         313588                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1944822078                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts            1842972                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps              1842972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses      1768321                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           629                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              71985                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts       141344                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts             1768321                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  629                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads      2428885                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes      1382541                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          328                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          291                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               627640                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             398568                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            229072                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1942980314.043053                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      1841763.956947                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000947                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999053                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                   247628                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        13896      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu          1112854     60.38%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            6360      0.35%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             54      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          405839     22.02%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         229357     12.44%     95.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         74767      4.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total           1843130                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           351960327                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses          10255855                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       359424528                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          156173188                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses           246050                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   8                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      149567342                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           508133515                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses          10501905                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   20                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       508991870                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         1921886603                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              684                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     1921887287                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1945753623                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         1934278436                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           1934278436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   1709498786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       1668598                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           87754683                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    255153557                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          1709498786                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              1668598                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   2229328794                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   1250355080                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      1003537                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      1003612                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            521395590                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          364974655                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         156420935                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      558784.044317                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1945194838.955683                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999713                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000287                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                400408958                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass    157012846      8.07%      8.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       1149568919     59.11%     67.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          496389      0.03%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd         662219      0.03%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         300167      0.02%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv         100058      0.01%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       373705003     19.22%     86.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      156427553      8.04%     94.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess     106507206      5.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        1944780361                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits              353583                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 3                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              22                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits             194553                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              548136                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 3                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              22                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             209273                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         209273                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1945235805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts            1630126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps              1630126                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses      1562611                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           409                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls              66830                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts       118697                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts             1562611                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  409                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads      2146803                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes      1235179                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          198                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          204                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               549195                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts             353623                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts            195572                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1943606763.874734                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      1629041.125266                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000837                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999163                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                   218281                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9797      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           987170     60.56%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            6228      0.38%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             19      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead          359995     22.08%     83.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite         195582     12.00%     95.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         71338      4.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total           1630129                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             564                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         672920                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       352451                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       318723                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1473                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          567                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1789                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        138118                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       138104                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       672356                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       194733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       194733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      2108236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      2108236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            2302969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      8125952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      8125952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     66319377                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     66319377                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            74445329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     27016538                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      28500560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.947818                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.222393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             1487204      5.22%      5.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2            27013356     94.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        28500560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.072779                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 72778585500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3307413462500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               11012556                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 11012555                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              329745623                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 767284                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   220.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2430595202                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2430595202                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       498816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     13161984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       338624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      9618816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       157056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      3442048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       392640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      9010944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          36620928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       498816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       338624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       157056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       392640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      1387136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2703168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2703168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         7794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       205656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         5291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       150294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         2454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        53782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         6135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       140796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             572202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        42237                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             42237                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6853884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    180849681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4652797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    132165471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2157997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     47294791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5394994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    123813124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            503182739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6853884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4652797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2157997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5394994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        19059672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       37142354                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            37142354                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       37142354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      6853884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    180849681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      4652797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    132165471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2157997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     47294791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      5394994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    123813124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           540325093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        63488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    125036672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        43776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     80350208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        20032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     38935360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        35520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     80645632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         325130688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        63488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        43776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        20032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        35520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       162816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     11974208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11974208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      1953698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      1255472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       608365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      1260088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            5080167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       187097                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            187097                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       872345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data   1718042074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       601496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data   1104036406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       275246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    534983742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       488056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1108095622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           4467394987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       872345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       601496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       275246                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       488056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         2237142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      164529276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           164529276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      164529276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       872345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data   1718042074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       601496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data   1104036406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       275246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    534983742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       488056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1108095622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          4631924263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      20                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                   2098360                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     853     31.35%     31.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     55      2.02%     33.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     74      2.72%     36.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     39      1.43%     37.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1700     62.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2721                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      853     46.08%     46.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      55      2.97%     49.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      74      4.00%     53.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      39      2.11%     55.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     830     44.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1851                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             72580130500     99.73%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                4125000      0.01%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3626000      0.00%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4747000      0.01%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              185028500      0.25%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         72777657000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.488235                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.680265                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   62      0.20%      0.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   99      0.32%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2278      7.45%      7.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    150      0.49%      8.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     276      0.90%      9.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 102      0.33%      9.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              27627     90.30%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 30594                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              373                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                194                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                194                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  194                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.520107                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.684303                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      973539665000     93.10%     93.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user         72135596000      6.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      99                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2981935                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.865539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19962159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2981935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.694364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.865539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         48303212                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        48303212                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     15169982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15169982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      4349812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4349812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        77067                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        77067                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        76517                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        76517                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     19519794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19519794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     19519794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19519794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2960314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2960314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        24422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        24422                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1079                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1079                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2984736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2984736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2984736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2984736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     18130296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18130296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4374234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4374234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        77679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        77679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        77596                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        77596                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     22504530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22504530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     22504530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22504530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.163280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007879                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007879                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.013905                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.013905                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.132628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.132628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.132628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.132628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       156706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           156706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            13877                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          137059259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            13877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9876.721121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        289561209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       289561209                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    144759789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      144759789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    144759789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       144759789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    144759789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      144759789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        13877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        13877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        13877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         13877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        13877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        13877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    144773666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    144773666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    144773666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    144773666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    144773666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    144773666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        13877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            13877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      75                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                   1349049                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     573     32.08%     32.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     74      4.14%     36.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     55      3.08%     39.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   1084     60.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                1786                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      573     46.78%     46.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      74      6.04%     52.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      55      4.49%     57.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     523     42.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 1225                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             72904692500     99.82%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3626000      0.00%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                6806000      0.01%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              121285000      0.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         73036409500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.482472                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.685890                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   15      0.05%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   99      0.34%      0.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1465      5.08%      5.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    163      0.57%      6.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     192      0.67%      6.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  62      0.22%      6.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              26828     93.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 28824                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              169                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                117                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                122                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                163                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  117                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   46                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.964497                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.377049                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.799020                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         125227000      0.05%      0.05% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user         46715721500     17.67%     17.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        217599320000     82.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      99                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          1892236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.036252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           13164643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1892236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.957189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   506.036252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.988352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.919922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         31463648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        31463648                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      9873207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9873207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2921878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2921878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        47317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        46927                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46927                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     12795085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12795085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     12795085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12795085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1883804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1883804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10520                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10520                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          398                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          398                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          762                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          762                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1894324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1894324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1894324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1894324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     11757011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11757011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2932398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2932398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        47715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        47715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        47689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        47689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     14689409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14689409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     14689409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14689409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.160228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.003588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.008341                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008341                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015979                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015979                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.128958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.128958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.128958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.128958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        89838                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            89838                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             9407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           64460042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          6852.348464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        187548075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       187548075                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     93759927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       93759927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     93759927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        93759927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     93759927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       93759927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          9407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         9407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     93769334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     93769334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     93769334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     93769334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     93769334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     93769334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9407                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             9407                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      61                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    662711                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     478     29.95%     29.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     74      4.64%     34.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     13      0.81%     35.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1031     64.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1596                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      478     46.05%     46.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      74      7.13%     53.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      13      1.25%     54.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     473     45.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1038                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             72695892000     99.89%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3626000      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1722000      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               76821500      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         72778061500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.458778                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.650376                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      7.69%      7.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        5     38.46%     46.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        2     15.38%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        5     38.46%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    13                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   48      0.17%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   22      0.08%      0.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1391      4.96%      5.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    155      0.55%      5.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     122      0.43%      6.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  34      0.12%      6.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              26285     93.68%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 28057                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              144                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 61                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 61                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   61                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.423611                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.595122                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       50658354000     69.61%     69.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         22119707500     30.39%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      22                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           918334                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          484.057447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            6173448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           918334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.722443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   484.057447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.945425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         15055789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        15055789                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4602594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4602594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1509898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1509898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        17437                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17437                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        17331                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17331                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6112492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         6112492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6112492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        6112492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       906453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       906453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13675                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        13675                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          261                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          261                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          360                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          360                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       920128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        920128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       920128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       920128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5509047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5509047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1523573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1523573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        17698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      7032620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7032620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      7032620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7032620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.164539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.164539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.008976                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008976                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.014747                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014747                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.020349                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.020349                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.130837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.130837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.130837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.130837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        51156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            51156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             5036                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           56118230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         11143.413423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         89017718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        89017718                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     44501305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       44501305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     44501305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        44501305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     44501305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       44501305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          5036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5036                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         5036                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     44506341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44506341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     44506341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     44506341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     44506341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     44506341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5036                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             5036                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      65                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                   1362739                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     582     31.86%     31.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     74      4.05%     35.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     55      3.01%     38.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   1116     61.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                1827                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      582     46.41%     46.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      74      5.90%     52.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      55      4.39%     56.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     543     43.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 1254                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             72911079500     99.83%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3626000      0.00%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                6082500      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              116294500      0.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         73037082500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.486559                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.686371                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   28      0.10%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   93      0.32%      0.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1515      5.25%      5.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    160      0.55%      6.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     188      0.65%      6.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  59      0.20%      7.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              26787     92.91%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 28830                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              281                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                120                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                120                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  120                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.427046                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.598504                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      998875951000     95.52%     95.52% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user         46843394500      4.48%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      93                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          1966489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.435914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           13101867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1966489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.662568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   506.435914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.989133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         31583868                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        31583868                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      9832695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9832695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2910971                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2910971                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        47361                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47361                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        46924                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46924                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     12743666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        12743666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     12743666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       12743666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1942875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1942875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        25738                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25738                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          415                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          415                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          830                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          830                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1968613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1968613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1968613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1968613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     11775570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11775570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2936709                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2936709                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        47776                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        47776                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        47754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        47754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     14712279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14712279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     14712279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14712279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.164992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.164992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.008764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.008686                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008686                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.017381                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.017381                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.133807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.133807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       116304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           116304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             9532                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           86799348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          9106.100294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        188050372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       188050372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     94010888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       94010888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     94010888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        94010888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     94010888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       94010888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          9532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         9532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     94020420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94020420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     94020420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     94020420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     94020420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     94020420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9532                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             9532                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  333                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 333                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 824                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                824                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    2314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          606                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         6134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     6134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests       9802650                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4902027                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       563597                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         7339946                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      7278075                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        61871                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 333                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            4868745                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                541                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               541                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       246544                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        11188                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4077849                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2446                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1841                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4287                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             32496                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            32496                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          23284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4845128                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        34851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      8612963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        22905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5477000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               14147719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1342336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    200982430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       863872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    126968192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               330156830                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         14433915                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          24234008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.351956                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.482896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                15766583     65.06%     65.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 8405554     34.68%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   61871      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            24234008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       5804566                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2902579                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       228431                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          951610                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       912167                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        39443                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            2864572                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                283                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               283                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       167460                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         8407                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2495785                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1396                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2586                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             38017                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            38017                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          14568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2850004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        13656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2650400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        23887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      5794625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                8482568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       551680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     62140376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       918720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    133412672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               197023448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          9686491                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          15487748                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.093527                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.299788                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                14078674     90.90%     90.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 1369631      8.84%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   39443      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            15487748                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             3626345                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            4092.895530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               4763328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             3626345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.313534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    40.483448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.008801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.036699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.006300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.007260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst    15.063113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  2640.813815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    11.695120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1384.780973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.009884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.644730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.338081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.999242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          705                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987061                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            77563643                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           77563643                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       246544                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       246544                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        11188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        11188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             38                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           64                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        19226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         7849                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           27075                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5086                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3432                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         8518                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       798793                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       476999                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1275792                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       818019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       484848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            1311385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5086                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       818019                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       484848                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           1311385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1335                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          400                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1735                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          855                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          587                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1442                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3401                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1931                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          5332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8791                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5975                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        14766                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2160760                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1406487                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3567247                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2164161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1408418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          3587345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8791                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2164161                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1408418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         3587345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       246544                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       246544                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        11188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        11188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1359                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          414                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1773                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          896                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          610                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1506                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        22627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9780                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        32407                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        13877                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9407                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        23284                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2959553                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1883486                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4843039                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        13877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2982180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1893266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        4898730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        13877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2982180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1893266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       4898730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.982340                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.966184                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.978567                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.954241                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.962295                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.957503                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.150307                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.197444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.164532                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.633494                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.635165                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.634169                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.730097                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.746747                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.736572                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.633494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.725698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.635165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.743909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.732301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.633494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.725698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.635165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.743909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.732301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         150499                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              150499                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             2095256                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4071.955186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               3546612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             2095256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.692687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    49.408671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.468347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   625.524741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    57.203936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  3336.349490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.012063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.152716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.013966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.814538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.994130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4057                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          551                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2810                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          649                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990479                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            46742106                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           46742106                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       167460                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       167460                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         8407                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         8407                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        10392                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        22480                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           32872                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2244                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2810                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         5054                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       245322                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       541082                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       786404                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       255714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       563562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             824330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       255714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2810                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       563562                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            824330                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          487                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          655                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1142                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          726                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1015                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2656                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2458                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          5114                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2792                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6722                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         9514                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       661010                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1401768                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2062778                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       663666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1404226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          2077406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2792                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       663666                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1404226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         2077406                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       167460                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       167460                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         8407                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         8407                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          489                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          664                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          310                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          742                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1052                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        13048                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        24938                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        37986                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5036                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9532                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        14568                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       906332                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1942850                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2849182                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       919380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1967788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        2901736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       919380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1967788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       2901736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995910                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.986446                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990460                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.932258                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.978437                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.964829                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.203556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.098564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.134629                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.554408                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.705204                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.653075                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.729324                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.721501                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.723990                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.554408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.721863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.705204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.713606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.715918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.554408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.721863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.705204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.713606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.715918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          80712                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               80712                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           3786156                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       166198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3520918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          2187                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           4016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5612                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3785823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1048978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      9642773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     10693499                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       587571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       588137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              11281636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     25381504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    213839680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3870                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    239225054                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     14067328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     14069592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              253294646                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        10404412                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         17960194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.579146                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.493696                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                7558626     42.09%     42.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               10401568     57.91%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           17960194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           5281219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       203828                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4688780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          2317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           4296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9495                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5281219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      5470639                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       613373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      6084012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      9399973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      9399973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              15483985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    123864000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     14256664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    138120664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    213526400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    213526400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              351647064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         1173849                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         11732238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.099922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.299895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               10559934     90.01%     90.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                1172304      9.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           11732238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      3331937                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.994139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        10394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      3331937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.003120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.622285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.011067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    10.431401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.925685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.038893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.651963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.307855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     54720086                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     54720086                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       123961                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       123961                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          242                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          405                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2235                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          941                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3180                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total         3585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2477                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1104                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total         3585                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          922                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          178                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1100                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          590                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          431                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2866                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1557                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         4423                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1952625                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1254974                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3209276                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1955491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1256531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      3213699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1955491                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1256531                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      3213699                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       123961                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       123961                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          922                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          178                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1100                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          590                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          431                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1021                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3108                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1720                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4828                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          997                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1954860                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1255915                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3212456                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1957968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1257635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      3217284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1957968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1257635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      3217284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.922136                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.905233                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.916114                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.995988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999251                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999010                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.995988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.995988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       123376                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       123376                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       220304                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.874221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        10214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       220304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.046363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.825999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.035761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.078020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.552863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     9.381578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.051625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.129876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.222054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.586349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      3467552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      3467552                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16731                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16731                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          208                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1088                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1353                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         1354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           25                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          208                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1089                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         1354                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          178                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          322                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          500                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          208                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          326                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          219                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          294                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2454                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        53946                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6135                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       141811                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       204346                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       142030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       204640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2454                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54021                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6135                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       142030                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       204640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16731                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16731                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          178                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          322                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          500                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          209                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          327                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          220                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          295                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2479                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        54154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6167                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       142899                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       205699                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        54229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       143119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       205994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        54229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       143119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       205994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995215                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996942                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996610                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.989915                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996159                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994811                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992386                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.993422                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.989915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.989915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        16227                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        16227                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       219313                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.874100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         2145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       219313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.009781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.875688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.036194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.087924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.504546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     9.369748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.054731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.130495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.219034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.585609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      3445585                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      3445585                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16227                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16227                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          533                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          536                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          533                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          536                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          179                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          321                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          500                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          208                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          326                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          219                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          293                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2454                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        53943                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6135                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       141278                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       203810                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       141497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       204103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2454                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54017                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         6135                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       141497                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       204103                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16227                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16227                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          179                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          322                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          501                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          208                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          326                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          219                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          293                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2454                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        53946                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6135                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       141811                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       204346                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        54020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       142030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       204639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         2454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        54020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         6135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       142030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       204639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996894                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998004                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996241                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997377                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        15699                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        15699                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements      3331305                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.992494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs         1617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs      3331305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.613013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.011046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    10.436326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.927963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.038313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.652270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.307998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses     54662170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses     54662170                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       123376                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       123376                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          265                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           83                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          349                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total          465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          329                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          135                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total          465                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          922                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          178                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1100                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          590                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          431                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2802                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1505                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         4307                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          992                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1952360                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1254891                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3208927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1955162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1256396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total      3213234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          992                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1955162                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1256396                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total      3213234                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       123376                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       123376                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          922                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          178                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1100                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          590                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          431                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1021                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2866                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1557                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4423                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1952625                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1254974                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3209276                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1955491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1256531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total      3213699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1955491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1256531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total      3213699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.977669                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.966602                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.973773                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.998993                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999864                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999934                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.998993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.998993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       123116                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       123116                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            17753214                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses           2045665                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        19693432                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits            4452034                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            21887                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses        4406662                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            22205248                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses           2067552                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        24100094                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          144313782                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               47                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      144313829                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               145555389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          142706114                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            142706114                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    104206357                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses      32206746                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            2058726                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts      8694925                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           104206357                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts             32206746                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    165224037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes     80825025                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads     41403560                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     30891821                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             24728365                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           20253973                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts           4474392                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      783467.410184                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      144771921.589816                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.994617                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.005383                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 12294831                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     11313610      7.81%      7.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu         55740710     38.50%     46.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            2687      0.00%     46.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       22096963     15.26%     61.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp         541579      0.37%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        6627945      4.58%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult       1003988      0.69%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         108456      0.07%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        22144689     15.30%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite        4474763      3.09%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess      20718276     14.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         144773666                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits            11535703                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses           1305825                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses        12769276                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits            2979982                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses            14228                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses        2952105                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits            14515685                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses           1320053                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses        15721381                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits           93460927                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               43                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses       93460970                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               146072954                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts           92449281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps             92449281                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses     67630696                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses      20720722                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            1377485                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts      5667651                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts            67630696                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts             20720722                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    106912659                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes     52398430                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads     26574893                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes     19851665                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs             16105202                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts           13110551                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts           2994651                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      51971379.729434                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      94101574.270566                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.644209                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.355791                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                  8071192                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass      7281144      7.76%      7.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu         36318579     38.73%     46.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            1706      0.00%     46.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       14316668     15.27%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp         353969      0.38%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt        4315633      4.60%     66.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult        534792      0.57%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv          71320      0.08%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead        14343051     15.30%     82.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite        2994697      3.19%     85.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess      13237775     14.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total          93769334                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             5369420                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses            627358                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         5944966                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            1541323                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             7151                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        1508537                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             6910743                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses            634509                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         7453503                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           44262633                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses               62                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       44262695                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               145557232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           43871832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             43871832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     32412411                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       9267478                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             705320                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      2786825                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            32412411                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              9267478                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     50128488                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     25075738                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads     11782453                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      8831375                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              7702774                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            6154103                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           1548671                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      101050871.346924                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      44506360.653076                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.305765                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.694235                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  4002947                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      3558720      8.00%      8.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         17480076     39.28%     47.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             686      0.00%     47.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     47.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        6536475     14.69%     61.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp         169336      0.38%     62.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        1996640      4.49%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult         74392      0.17%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv          34228      0.08%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         6727423     15.12%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        1548822      3.48%     85.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       6379543     14.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          44506341                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits            11552354                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses           1319010                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses        12799957                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits            2984377                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses            14725                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses        2957603                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits            14536731                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses           1333735                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses        15757560                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits           93716332                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               50                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses       93716382                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               146075698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts           92686685                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps             92686685                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses     67836743                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses      20717738                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            1376402                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts      5687629                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts            67836743                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts             20717738                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    107125823                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes     52567596                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads     26570987                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes     19849536                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs             16141889                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts           13142356                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts           2999533                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      51720359.501113                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      94355338.498887                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.645935                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.354065                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                  8091469                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass      7312200      7.78%      7.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu         36366270     38.68%     46.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            1663      0.00%     46.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       14315995     15.23%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp         353590      0.38%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt        4315561      4.59%     66.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult        534338      0.57%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv          71208      0.08%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead        14375330     15.29%     82.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite        2999606      3.19%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess      13374659     14.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total          94020420                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        3413622                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            283                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           283                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       139603                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      3257963                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2073                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1574                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2948                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4787                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4716                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3413622                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      9632078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      9632078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       609396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       609396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           10241474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    213572800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    213572800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     14137688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     14137688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           227710488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      8026024                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      14841536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.540485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.498358                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             6819905     45.95%     45.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             8021631     54.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        14841536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.083204                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 83204305500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3390617768000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               21244112                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 21244109                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              681280017                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 767284                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   122.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2594529588                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2594529588                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       131840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        66176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         2496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       295936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     14654336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        50432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        23424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          15229632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       131840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       295936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        50432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       483200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       430016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         430016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           78                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       228974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             237963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         6719                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              6719                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1584533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       795343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        59997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        29998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3556739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    176124732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       606122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       281524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            183038989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1584533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        59997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3556739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       606122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         5807392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        5168194                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             5168194                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        5168194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1584533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       795343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        59997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        29998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      3556739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    176124732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       606122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       281524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           188207184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       570496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         2624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        66496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    285216512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        80256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        73856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         286016064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        66496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        72320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     72528832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       72528832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         8914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      4456508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         1154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            4469001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      1133263                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1133263                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        27691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      6856568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        31537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       799189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   3427905687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        42306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       964565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide         887646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           3437515190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        27691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       799189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        42306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          869186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      871695660                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           871695660                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      871695660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        27691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      6856568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        31537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       799189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   3427905687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        42306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       964565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide        887646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          4309210850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      88                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      3710                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     961     33.98%     33.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    123      4.35%     38.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      3.01%     41.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     41.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1658     58.63%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2828                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      959     45.11%     45.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     123      5.79%     50.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      85      4.00%     54.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     54.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     958     45.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 2126                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             83064674500     99.83%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                9225000      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              126863500      0.15%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83205040000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997919                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.577805                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.751768                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.10%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      1.85%      1.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2311     80.61%     82.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    174      6.07%     88.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     88.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     308     10.74%     99.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.52%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.07%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  2867                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              360                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.266667                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.422319                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       83132257500     99.91%     99.91% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      0.09%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            12601                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          473.507249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             282819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            21.567833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   473.507249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.924819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.924819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           565343                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          565343                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       141892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         141892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       116350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        116350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2420                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2420                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       258242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          258242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       258242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         258242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7078                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7078                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          107                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         12843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        12843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       147657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       123428                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       123428                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       271085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       271085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       271085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       271085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.039043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.057345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.057345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.063534                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.063534                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.042343                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.042343                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.047376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.047376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             7991                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4904                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            9897908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1827.531019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1537264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1537264                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       761273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         761273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       761273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          761273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       761273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         761273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       766179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       766179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       766179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       766179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       766179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       766179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4904                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4904                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      86                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1487                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     347     26.35%     26.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      6.45%     32.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.08%     32.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    884     67.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                1317                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      347     44.54%     44.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      85     10.91%     55.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.13%     55.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     346     44.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  779                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             82953514000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               44173500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83002017000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.391403                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.591496                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1145     81.73%     81.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    170     12.13%     93.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      86      6.14%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1401                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 86                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          467.062732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            67.199726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   467.062732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.912232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.912232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.755859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            85950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           85950                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        26850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        14743                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         14743                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          265                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          265                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          247                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        41593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           41593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        41593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          41593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        27333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        14828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        14828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          275                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          275                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          270                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          270                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        42161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        42161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        42161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        42161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.005732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.036364                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.036364                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.085185                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.085185                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           20                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               20                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              558                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           30387306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         28399.351402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           250208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          250208                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       124267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         124267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       124267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          124267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       124267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         124267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       124825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       124825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       124825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       124825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       124825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          558                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              558                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   3086501                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    6215     47.08%     47.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.01%     47.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      0.64%     47.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     47.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   6898     52.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               13200                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     6215     49.66%     49.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.01%     49.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      85      0.68%     50.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     50.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    6214     49.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                12516                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             81688254000     98.42%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                  71500      0.00%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1308551000      1.58%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83001206000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.900841                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.948182                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      9.09%      9.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      9.09%     18.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         5     45.45%     63.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      9.09%     72.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      9.09%     81.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      9.09%     90.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      9.09%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    11                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   41      0.31%      0.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.02%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                12983     96.88%     97.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    175      1.31%     98.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     98.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     130      0.97%     99.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  20      0.15%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.04%     99.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 41      0.31%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 13401                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              172                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                126                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                127                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  126                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.738372                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.848993                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2049472500      2.47%      2.47% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         80885246500     97.53%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      41                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          5640447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.951625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           30643395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5640943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.432318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.951625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         78199327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        78199327                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     18472880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18472880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     10004387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10004387                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       986825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       986825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1173933                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1173933                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     28477267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28477267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     28477267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28477267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5406178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5406178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        47877                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        47877                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       187194                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       187194                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           75                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5454055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       5454055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5454055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      5454055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     23879058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23879058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10052264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10052264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1174019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1174019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1174008                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1174008                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     33931322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     33931322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     33931322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     33931322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.226398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.004763                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.159447                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159447                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000064                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.160738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.160738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1158478                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          1158478                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             7967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          172266134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             8479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         20316.798443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        331722746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       331722746                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    165849415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      165849415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    165849415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       165849415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    165849415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      165849415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          7972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         7972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    165857387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    165857387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    165857387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    165857387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    165857387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    165857387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             7967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      88                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      2271                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     439     29.00%     29.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      5.61%     34.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.20%     34.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    987     65.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                1514                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      439     45.54%     45.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      85      8.82%     54.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.31%     54.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     437     45.33%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  964                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             82946751500     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               50250500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83001518500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.442756                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.636724                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   59      3.52%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.30%      3.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1273     76.05%     79.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    171     10.22%     90.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     154      9.20%     99.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.54%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.12%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  1674                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              213                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.314554                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.478571                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       82972932500     99.99%     99.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      59                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          471.644719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              81664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.339806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   471.644719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.921181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           164065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          164065                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        48773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          48773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        27425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         27425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          698                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          698                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        76198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           76198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        76198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          76198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           34                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        50903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        50903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        28198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          743                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          743                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        79101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        79101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        79101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        79101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.041844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.027413                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027413                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.065596                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.065596                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.045760                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.045760                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.036700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.036700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1829                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            8397414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3587.105510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           520937                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          520937                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       257725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         257725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       257725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          257725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       257725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         257725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       259554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       259554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       259554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       259554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       259554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       259554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.007047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.007047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.007047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   9                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    73728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          9                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  751                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 751                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2017                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2017                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         2310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1353                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          621                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         5809                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        73752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        73752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    79561                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1155                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                10395                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               10395                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                3                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1152                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1152                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         37591                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18398                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2224                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           58652                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        49954                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         8698                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 738                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              12629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8011                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4110                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              253                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            130                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             383                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5464                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6427                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        40980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  57510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       556224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1334227                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        56512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        36400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1983363                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          9405786                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           9444427                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.007561                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.096672                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 9381719     99.34%     99.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   54010      0.57%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    8698      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             9444427                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      11306892                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5653481                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       160548                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1071293                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1057925                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        13368                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            5605362                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1159441                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7343                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4325671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              689                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            109                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             47961                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            47961                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           9801                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       5595551                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        22105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     16765652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         8490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               16801087                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    435143598                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       192704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       246848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               436487662                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          5314976                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          16621824                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.084567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.281116                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                15229538     91.62%     91.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 1378908      8.30%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   13376      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            16621824                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               12298                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3961.545286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 72354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               16235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                4.456668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   453.265779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   151.703374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1563.001498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   321.403130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1472.171506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.110661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.037037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.381592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.078468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.359417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.967174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.961182                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              302846                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             302846                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8011                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8011                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4110                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         4110                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          363                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             365                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2809                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          480                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3289                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2212                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          261                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2473                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               6127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2809                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2575                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              6127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          209                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          247                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          121                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6499                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2096                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           78                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2174                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3706                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3819                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            12535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2096                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10205                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           78                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           12535                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8011                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8011                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4110                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4110                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          210                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          249                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          121                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6862                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6907                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4905                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5463                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          374                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          18662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         18662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995238                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.974359                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991968                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.947100                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.947155                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.427319                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.139785                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.397950                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.626225                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.302139                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.606961                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.427319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.798513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.139785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.372315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.671686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.427319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.798513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.139785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.372315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.671686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3867                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3867                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             4805037                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4089.366118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               5724181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             4808947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.190319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   107.265395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     9.828766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  3964.542680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.166047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     5.563231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.026188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.967906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.998380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3910                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3896                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.954590                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            94024210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           94024210                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1159441                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1159441                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7343                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         7343                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4588                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          104                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            4692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2302                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          983                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3285                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       949652                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          973                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       950625                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       954240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             958602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       954240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          983                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            958602                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          601                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          649                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           81                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        42661                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          599                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total         43260                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5670                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          846                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         6516                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4643612                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1132                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      4644744                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4686273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          4694520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5670                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4686273                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          846                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1731                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         4694520                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1159441                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1159441                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7343                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7343                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          601                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          653                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        47249                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          703                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        47952                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7972                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1829                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         9801                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5593264                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2105                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5595369                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5640513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        5653122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5640513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       5653122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993874                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.902897                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.852063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.902152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.711239                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.462548                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.664830                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.830215                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.537767                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.830105                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.711239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.830824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.462548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.616453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.830430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.711239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.830824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.462548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.616453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.830430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        1135225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             1135225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            241261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          224916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             356                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7069                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       240513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         9670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        26584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        39070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       695219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       695629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         3465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         3465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                738164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       232704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       816192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4355                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1053251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     15457408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1454                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     15458862                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        73920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        73920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               16586033                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         8926101                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          9418439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.947697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.222637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 492612      5.23%      5.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                8925827     94.77%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            9418439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           4653974                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1139971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3363078                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             787                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            50840                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           50831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4653964                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     13183639                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       701264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     13884903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        29920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        29920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              13914823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    357610816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     15493678                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    373104494                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       961984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       961984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              374066478                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          490333                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          9886318                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.049571                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.217058                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                9396240     95.04%     95.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 490078      4.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            9886318                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         7389                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.140672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           78                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         7405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.010533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.986707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.917416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.236264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.499169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.244839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.139767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.883792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       171044                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       171044                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4765                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4765                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           92                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6397                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         6429                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2658                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2706                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         9135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9055                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         9135                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4765                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4765                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6402                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6434                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2661                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2709                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         9143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         9143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999219                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999223                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998873                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998893                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         4755                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         4755                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       241120                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.992781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        15269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       241136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.063321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.074751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.552784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    10.855441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.277354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.232452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.254672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.034549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.678465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.017335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.014528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      3964432                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      3964432                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6708                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6708                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          152                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          165                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          178                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          527                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4624                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       228769                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          788                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          456                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       234637                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       229296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       235180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4624                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       229296                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          788                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          472                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       235180                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6708                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6708                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          540                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          557                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4631                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       228921                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          791                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          458                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       234801                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       229461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       235358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       229461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       235358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.975926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.941176                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.974865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998488                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999336                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.996207                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995633                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999302                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.996207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.996207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         6583                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         6583                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       240983                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.967901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         1853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       240999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.007689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.362679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.782228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    13.606346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.603776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.612872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.022667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.048889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.850397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.037736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.038305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      3961593                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      3961593                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6583                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6583                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          120                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          120                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          123                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          123                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          540                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4624                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       228649                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          788                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          456                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       234517                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       229173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       235057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4624                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       229173                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          788                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          472                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       235057                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6583                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6583                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          527                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4624                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       228769                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          788                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          456                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       234637                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       229296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       235180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       229296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       235180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994307                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994475                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999489                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         6465                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         6465                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         7383                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.199399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           68                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         7399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.009190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.099123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.938782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.161170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.506195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.246174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.135073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.887462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       172016                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       172016                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4755                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4755                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           92                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6397                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         7581                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2656                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2704                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         1155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total        10285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9053                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         1155                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total        10285                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4755                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4755                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6397                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7581                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2658                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2706                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         1155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total        10287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         1155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total        10287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999248                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999261                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         4746                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         4746                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              150341                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             126602                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              276943                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             198579                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         198731                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               166410501                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             765697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               765697                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       735477                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              30987                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        67569                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              735477                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      1018636                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       529587                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               278387                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             151426                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            126961                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      165644250.295350                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      766250.704650                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.004605                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.995395                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   106635                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        11225      1.47%      1.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           447480     58.40%     59.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            1221      0.16%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.15%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.03%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          157470     20.55%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         127199     16.60%     97.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         20185      2.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            766179                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               27608                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              15188                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               42796                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              17779                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          17779                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               166004060                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             124825                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               124825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       119254                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               5222                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts         8676                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              119254                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       162646                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        94450                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                42882                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              27608                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             15274                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      165879624.249256                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      124435.750744                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000750                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999250                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    16556                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass          787      0.63%      0.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            74084     59.35%     59.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             477      0.38%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           28161     22.56%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          15274     12.24%     95.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6042      4.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            124825                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            24590588                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses           3035632                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        26932451                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           11226304                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            37048                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       10906375                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            35816892                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses           3072680                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        37838826                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          161896178                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              321                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      161896499                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               166001311                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          162784695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            162784695                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    138981418                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       8400953                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            3775890                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     17926189                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           138981418                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              8400953                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    177628183                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    103894859                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads     10800546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      8400474                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             39352293                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           28088719                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          11263574                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      549558.896987                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      165451752.103013                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.996689                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.003311                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 23690495                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     12916157      7.79%      7.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         71904161     43.35%     51.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult           16438      0.01%     51.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        6400149      3.86%     55.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              2      0.00%     55.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        2000004      1.21%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             2      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        30573307     18.43%     74.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       11263883      6.79%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess      30783269     18.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         165857387                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               51099                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              28922                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               80021                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              40911                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          41036                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               166001657                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             259169                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               259169                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       248326                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           363                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               7914                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        24506                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              248326                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  363                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       334042                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       192734                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          186                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          189                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                81222                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              51988                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             29234                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      165742699.834956                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      258957.165044                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001560                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998440                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    36091                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         3597      1.39%      1.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           160137     61.70%     63.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             555      0.21%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             26      0.01%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           53583     20.64%     83.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          29244     11.27%     95.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         12409      4.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            259554                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              10                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         237353                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            195                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           195                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11338                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       227575                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          184                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           90                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          238                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8125                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8124                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       237343                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        30020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        30020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       700750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       700750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             730770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       962688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       962688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     15474286                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     15474286                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            16436974                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      9167944                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       9652256                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.949767                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.218425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              484860      5.02%      5.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             9167396     94.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         9652256                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
