
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354541000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261610158000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              238076929                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                238071009                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              716052626                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 780336                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117874240                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117874240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        81024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        23872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        10176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       106752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        52480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            299904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        81024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        23872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       106752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       211648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        19648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          19648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          307                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               307                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    228532102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     72206035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     67332128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     28701899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    301099168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    148022373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            845893705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    228532102                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     67332128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    301099168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       596963398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       55418132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            55418132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       55418132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    228532102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     72206035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     67332128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     28701899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    301099168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    148022373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           901311837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        35648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       153600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        67648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       553792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            816320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        35648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        41280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       568448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         568448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         8653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              12755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         8882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              8882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    100546904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    433236212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      8664724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    190804449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7220604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1561997061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2302469954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    100546904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      8664724                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7220604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       116432232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1603335016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1603335016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1603335016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    100546904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    433236212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      8664724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    190804449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      7220604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1561997061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          3905804970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138947500     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151207000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61965000     75.51%     75.51% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.49%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.414480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.922740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.641732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.772747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130031                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25665                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25665                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          583                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          583                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2176                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2176                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.078158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.045827                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.045827                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.231668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.616754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.355207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334685                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351590500     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357376500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.43%      5.43% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1020263000     93.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.280501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.197823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.255688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.024813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78632                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.803958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.394137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.409820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357113000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357277500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.127999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   271.978698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.531208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.533453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.517578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551062000     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560495000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509970000     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.435449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.447636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.313723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.121726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355488                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6949                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6949                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079988                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079988                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.065421                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065421                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.405199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.465997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22121                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11294                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1304                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6504                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6206                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          298                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8329                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4111                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2494                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             50                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             191                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2716                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2716                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       524496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       205400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1164904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            44537                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             66537                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.144762                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.364699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   57211     85.98%     85.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    9020     13.56%     99.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     306      0.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               66537                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34361                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17047                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1271                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            7669                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6803                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          866                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4103                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               80                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             87                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             167                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6005                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1352352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1844968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            31539                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             65552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.166433                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.406395                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   55508     84.68%     84.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9178     14.00%     98.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     866      1.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               65552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                8209                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3858.976610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  6608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                8209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.804970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1850.458990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    24.239968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    40.565308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1.040407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     3.307458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   504.822628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   697.313429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   268.539286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   468.689135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.451772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.005918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.009904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.123248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.170243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.065561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.114426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.942133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914307                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              177117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             177117                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4111                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4111                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             289                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          660                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          847                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1507                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1155                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          779                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1934                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1363                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          847                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          860                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3730                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           93                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          119                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1872                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          554                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1823                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          422                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2245                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1766                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          781                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2547                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1823                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          422                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1335                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4111                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4111                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           93                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2080                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2715                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2921                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1560                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4481                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.896552                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.975410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.872441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.893554                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.734193                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.332545                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.598348                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.604587                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.500641                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.568400                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.734193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.727455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.332545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.608200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.659299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.734193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.727455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.332545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.608200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.659299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5076                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5076                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               10740                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3735.630594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 20332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               10740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.893110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1586.853532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   209.931264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   159.080870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   271.985331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   313.213627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.080132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   448.028639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   746.457198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.387415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.051253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.038838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.066403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.076468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.109382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.182241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.912019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2936                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986816                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              283264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             283264                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          416                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             416                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2563                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2563                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2610                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2611                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3026                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5590                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           77                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           79                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6455                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6455                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1708                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1708                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3386                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3387                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1708                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11550                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5998                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987179                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.939456                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.939456                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.399906                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.399906                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.564710                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.564688                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.399906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.764825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.673862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.399906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.764825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.673862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4134                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4134                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4088                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             151                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2452                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        16435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        22182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         7184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         7194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 29376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       152768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       633600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       786408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       173760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       173800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 960208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           31136                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            51417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.598499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.490207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  20644     40.15%     40.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  30773     59.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              51417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              7681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8820                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        24355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         8085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        32440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        16156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        16156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 48596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       827584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       174824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1002408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       632576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       632576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1634984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            9197                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            41763                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.218710                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.413377                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  32629     78.13%     78.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   9134     21.87%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              41763                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         7454                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.702772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           53                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         7454                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.007110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.557215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.327485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.638105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.179412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.999347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.722326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.020468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.039882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.062459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.856423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       100402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       100402                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4925                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4925                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          114                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1843                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2386                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1362                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          619                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2587                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3205                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1162                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4973                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4925                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4925                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1843                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1362                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          621                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2589                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996779                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999228                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         4917                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         4917                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2627                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.900897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           70                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.026646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.563460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.456572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.364705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.646480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.364765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.967512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.537405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.160216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.091036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.227905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.247969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.221088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        46232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        46232                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          164                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          164                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          863                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2531                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          896                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2564                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          164                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          164                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          864                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2532                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999605                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          161                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          161                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2621                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.905237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           72                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.027470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.021904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.456572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.364705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.646480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.364765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.414425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.636386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.126369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.091036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.227905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.275902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.227274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        46176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        46176                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          161                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          161                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          859                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2527                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         2559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          891                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         2559                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          161                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          161                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          863                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2531                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         2564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         2564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995365                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          156                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          156                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         7447                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.789119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           51                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         7447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.006848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.616176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.325462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.651355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.174609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.020240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.788511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.020341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.040710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.063765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.924320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       100305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       100305                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4917                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4917                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          114                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1843                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2386                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1361                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          619                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2586                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         4972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3204                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1162                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         4972                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4917                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4917                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1843                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1362                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          619                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2587                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         4973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         4973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999266                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999613                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         4912                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         4912                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33927                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8138                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28434                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4590                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62361                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12728                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165989                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17159                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160182                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220906                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112945                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62625                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34131                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28494                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      231003.138567                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70716.861433                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234379                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765621                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22557                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95950     57.77%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35091     21.13%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28774     17.32%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166101                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522813238                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655420118.885997                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867393119.114003                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191782                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808218                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522813124                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520459492.067376                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353631.932624                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523220317                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644501192.293131                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2878719124.706869                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636431                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363569                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5118                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5078                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3920                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          132                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           84                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          199                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2420                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2419                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5118                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        16422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        16422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         8076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         8076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              24498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       632960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       632960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       174440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       174440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              807400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        30259                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         46583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.640276                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.479924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               16757     35.97%     35.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               29826     64.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           46583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.422749                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                422749254500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2684715943500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2170099                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2170099                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              949382051                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 784432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   445.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   966320966                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     966320966                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        12480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        94592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1928192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      2893440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        22208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         9280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4997696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        12480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        94592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1928192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        22208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      2057472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2283456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2283456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        30128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        45210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              78089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        35679                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             35679                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        29521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        24222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       223754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        64492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4561077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      6844341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        52532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        21952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             11821892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        29521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       223754                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4561077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        52532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         4866885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        5401443                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             5401443                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        5401443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        29521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        24222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       223754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        64492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      4561077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      6844341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        52532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        21952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            17223335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         7360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        35968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       153984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        43008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      8721088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        23488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      3388096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12372992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        35968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        43008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        78976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      7396480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7396480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       136267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        52939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       115570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            115570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        17410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        85081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       364244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       101734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     20629458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        55560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        8014434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             29267922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        85081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       101734                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          186815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       17496140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            17496140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       17496140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        17410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        85081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       364244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       101734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     20629458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        55560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       8014434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            46764061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     436                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      9409                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    2164     25.34%     25.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    116      1.36%     26.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    433      5.07%     31.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     31.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   5827     68.22%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                8541                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     2164     44.36%     44.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     116      2.38%     46.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     433      8.88%     55.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     55.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    2164     44.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 4878                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            422546138000     99.90%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8700000      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               21217000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              379913500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        422956133000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.371375                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.571128                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 7443     84.02%     84.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    868      9.80%     93.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     548      6.19%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  8859                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              550                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             1781                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          476.465688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              50441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.321729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   476.465688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.930597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.930597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           730778                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          730778                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       228949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         228949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       124306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        124306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2773                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2773                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       353255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          353255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       353255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         353255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          120                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          120                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          553                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          553                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          4069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         4069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       231051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       231051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       126273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       126273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3445                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3445                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3326                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3326                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       357324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       357324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       357324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       357324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.034833                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.034833                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.166266                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.166266                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             297242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            70.520047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2128443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2128443                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1057899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1057899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1057899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1057899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1057899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1057899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1062114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1062114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1062114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1062114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1062114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1062114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     435                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      8272                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    1933     27.23%     27.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    433      6.10%     33.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     33.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   4732     66.66%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                7099                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     1933     44.96%     44.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     433     10.07%     55.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     55.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    1932     44.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 4299                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            422346361500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               21217000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              236862000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        422604605000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.408284                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.605578                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      0.19%      0.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.03%      0.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6211     82.17%     82.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    866     11.46%     93.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     93.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     454      6.01%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.12%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  7559                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                435                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.002299                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.085890                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65256500     50.54%     50.54% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            63858000     49.46%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             6909                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          493.435747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              97753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             6909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.148647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   493.435747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.963742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           665875                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          665875                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       198155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         198155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       118092                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        118092                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1811                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1811                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       316247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          316247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       316247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         316247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2671                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2671                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          133                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          133                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          8627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         8627                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       204111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       204111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       120763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       120763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1946                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1946                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1944                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1944                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       324874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       324874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       324874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       324874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.029180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.057554                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.057554                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068416                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.068416                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.026555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.026555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             5879                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             550749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5879                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            93.680728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.000171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1911785                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         1911785                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       947071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         947071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       947071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          947071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       947071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         947071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          5881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         5881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       952952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       952952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       952952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       952952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       952952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       952952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             5879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     173                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    743504                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    6409     36.05%     36.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     54      0.30%     36.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    433      2.44%     38.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     38.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  10883     61.21%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               17780                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     6407     48.17%     48.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      54      0.41%     48.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     433      3.26%     51.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     51.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    6406     48.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                13301                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            422032193000     99.78%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3861000      0.00%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               21217000      0.01%     99.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              898815500      0.21%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        422956198500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999688                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.588624                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.748088                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                      1011     97.40%     97.40% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         6      0.58%     97.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.19%     98.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        5      0.48%     98.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.10%     98.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      0.10%     98.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.10%     98.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.10%     99.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        6      0.58%     99.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      0.10%     99.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.10%     99.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.10%     99.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.10%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  1038                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  175      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                15158      2.05%      2.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1130      0.15%      2.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      2.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2134      0.29%      2.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                1053      0.14%      2.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%      2.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique             720941     97.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                740604                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2308                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               2106                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               2105                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 2106                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.912045                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.954010                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5714580500      1.35%      1.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        418020240500     98.65%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     175                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           739899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.644879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          237344021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           739899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           320.778946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.075133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   510.569746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.997207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        476920918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       476920918                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    165886873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      165886873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     71157582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      71157582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       149757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       149757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       152525                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       152525                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    237044455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       237044455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    237044455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      237044455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       230409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       230409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       509114                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       509114                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2978                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2978                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          194                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          194                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       739523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        739523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       739523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       739523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    166117282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    166117282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     71666696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     71666696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       152735                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       152735                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       152719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       152719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    237783978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    237783978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    237783978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    237783978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.007104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.019498                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019498                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001270                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001270                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.003110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.003110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       562326                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           562326                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          2741347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          840992809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          2741347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           306.780867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.143227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.856773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1692654397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      1692654397                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    842215178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      842215178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    842215178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       842215178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    842215178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      842215178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      2741347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2741347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      2741347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       2741347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      2741347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      2741347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    844956525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    844956525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    844956525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    844956525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    844956525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    844956525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2741347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          2741347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     438                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      7721                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    1809     26.42%     26.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    433      6.32%     32.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.04%     32.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   4602     67.21%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                6847                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     1809     44.63%     44.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     433     10.68%     55.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.07%     55.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    1808     44.61%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 4053                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            422560903500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               21217000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              228771000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        422811243000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.392873                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.591938                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 5977     82.06%     82.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    869     11.93%     94.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     435      5.97%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  7284                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              438                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          454.234796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              10132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.424454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   454.234796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.887177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.887177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.884766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           484354                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          484354                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       149954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         149954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        83403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         83403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1340                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1340                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       233357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          233357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       233357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         233357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          707                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          707                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          115                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          115                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          4142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         4142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       153389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       153389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        84110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        84110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1377                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1377                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1368                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1368                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       237499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       237499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       237499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       237499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.008406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.026870                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.026870                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.084064                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.084064                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.017440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.017440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             154588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            37.107057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1436326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         1436326                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       711914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         711914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       711914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          711914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       711914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         711914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       716080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       716080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       716080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       716080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       716080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       716080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 592                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  4874240                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        598                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1407                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1407                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               79300                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              79300                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         4040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         2592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         8774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       152640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       152640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  161414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        16160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1275                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          582                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1458                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        19683                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      4875520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      4875520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  4895203                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                76320                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                76320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               686880                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              686880                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        76160                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        76160                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              160                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        76160                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        76160                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           76160                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                76160                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         42494                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        22174                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         7151                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           17478                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        12588                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         4890                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 694                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              19080                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1333                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1333                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4047                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         6034                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1993                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2679                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2645                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2645                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          10096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8290                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        10347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        24162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  64184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       392448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       222638                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       639872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       745944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 2000902                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           703635                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            745400                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.050149                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.246490                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  712910     95.64%     95.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   27599      3.70%     99.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    4891      0.66%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              745400                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       6980204                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3488799                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        78766                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          149616                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       127744                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        21872                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 553                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            2982925                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               1807                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              1807                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       562709                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2695706                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           151148                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              760                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            309                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1069                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            509061                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           509061                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2745513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        236859                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      8176401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2201328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        10331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               10399287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    347843456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     83486769                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       394560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       275436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               432000221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           549455                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           7530895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.043693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.218162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 7223721     95.92%     95.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  285298      3.79%     99.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   21875      0.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             7530895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                7018                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3856.567375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                7018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.679823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1600.802142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.000381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2.142054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   193.768149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   186.315199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   781.442173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1091.097277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.390821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.047307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.045487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.190782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.266381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.941545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3841                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937744                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              293691                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             293691                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4047                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4047                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         6034                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         6034                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          185                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          202                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             387                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4020                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3841                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         7861                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1614                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2851                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4465                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              12713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4020                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3841                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3053                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             12713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1599                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          387                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1986                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          549                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          126                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          675                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           93                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2076                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2169                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          195                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2040                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2235                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          252                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2591                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2843                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2040                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4667                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7247                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4047                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4047                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         6034                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         6034                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1599                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          387                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1986                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          550                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          126                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          676                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2556                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4215                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5881                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        10096                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1866                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5442                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7308                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          19960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         5881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         19960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998182                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998521                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.334532                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.911326                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.848592                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.046263                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.346880                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.221375                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.135048                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.476112                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.389026                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.046263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.346880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.604534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.363076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.046263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.346880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.604534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.363076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4569                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4569                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              219595                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3964.814257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               6114043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              219595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               27.842360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1189.087879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.001209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1.053174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.003325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.000950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   842.383151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1854.016066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    50.141492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    27.127010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.290305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.205660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.452641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.012242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.006623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.967972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3992                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            55942005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           55942005                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       562709                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       562709                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2695706                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total      2695706                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       441396                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          441422                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2710541                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3819                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      2714360                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       116282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1895                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       118177                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2710541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       557678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            3273959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2710541                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       557678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3819                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1921                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           3273959                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          308                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          283                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          591                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          178                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          281                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        67233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total         67585                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        30806                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        31153                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       116699                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1343                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       118042                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        30806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       183932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           216780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        30806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       183932                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          216780                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       562709                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       562709                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2695706                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2695706                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          309                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          284                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          593                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          179                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          282                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       508629                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          378                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       509007                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2741347                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4166                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2745513                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       232981                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3238                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       236219                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2741347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       741610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        3490739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2741347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       741610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       3490739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996764                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996479                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996627                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994413                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996454                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.132185                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.931217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.132778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.011238                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.083293                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.011347                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500895                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.414762                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.499714                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.011238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.248017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.083293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.468750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.062101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.011238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.248017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.083293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.468750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          70793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               70793                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             74217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              3140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             3140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        93195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           50556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            13028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        72970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        76160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        76160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        12276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        14056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        30386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       219612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       224332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        69312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       159648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       228960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                483678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       201664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       554176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9734                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       765574                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      5822144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9949                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      5832093                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1478656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      3405824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      4884480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               11482147                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          394131                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           712522                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.552080                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.497281                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 319153     44.79%     44.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 393369     55.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             712522                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                553                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            152105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              1807                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             1807                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       128304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          131238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             914                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           122643                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          122589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       151552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       411262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       230261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       641523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       173350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       173350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                814873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     12546304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      5866717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     18413021                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      7353408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      7353408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               25766429                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          213503                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           750915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.283210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.450558                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 538248     71.68%     71.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 212667     28.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             750915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        59793                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.491808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        59793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.002275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.022012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.146230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.085049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.237864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.938876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.009139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.005316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.014866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.187500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       990999                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       990999                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        57516                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        57516                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           28                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           28                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          129                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1958                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1973                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          119                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          562                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1545                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          132                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2358                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        53056                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        53056                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          562                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3503                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          132                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4331                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        57516                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        57516                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          129                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1958                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1973                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          119                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          562                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1545                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2386                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        53056                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        53056                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.825000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.988265                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.825000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.825000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        57513                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        57513                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        78827                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.234019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        78827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.002981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.824537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.941878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.564680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.108108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.794816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.301534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.183867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.347792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.006757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.049676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      1258659                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      1258659                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           81                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          139                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          144                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          205                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          276                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          481                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           93                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        10801                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        30130                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        36129                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1227                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        67833                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        30130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        46837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        78634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        30130                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        46837                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1320                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        78634                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          205                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          276                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          481                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10766                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           93                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        10859                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        30134                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        36210                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1228                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        67919                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        30134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        46976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        78778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        30134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        46976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        78778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994613                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994659                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999867                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997763                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999186                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998734                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        12593                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        12593                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        78686                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.742659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        78686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.002783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.818002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.243706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.778645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.105498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.796809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.238625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.202732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.361165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.006594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.049801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      1256111                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      1256111                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12593                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12593                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          126                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          129                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          205                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          276                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          481                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10680                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           93                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        10773                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        30128                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        36031                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1226                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        67732                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        30128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        46711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        78505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        30128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        46711                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1319                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        78505                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12593                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12593                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          205                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          276                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          481                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           93                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        10801                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        30130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        36129                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1227                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        67833                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        30130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        46837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        78634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        30130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        46837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        78634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997408                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999934                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997287                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999185                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998511                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        12466                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        12466                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements        59790                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.789787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           64                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs        59790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.001070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.863729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.605881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.081698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.237865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.928983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.037868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.005106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.014867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.125000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      1043451                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      1043451                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        57513                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        57513                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          129                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1958                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        53056                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        55029                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          119                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          562                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1544                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          132                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2357                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        53188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total        57386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          562                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3502                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        53188                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total        57386                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        57513                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        57513                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          129                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1958                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        53056                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        55029                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          119                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          562                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1545                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          132                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2358                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        53188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total        57387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        53188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total        57387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999576                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks        57511                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total        57511                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              234958                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             130613                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              365571                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             116183                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         116183                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               845912821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            1062114                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              1062114                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      1019366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              55095                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        74298                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             1019366                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      1378331                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       799156                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               366237                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             235190                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            131047                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      844850623.754008                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1062197.245992                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.001256                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.998744                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   148679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         4857      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           639481     60.21%     60.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            3667      0.35%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          243084     22.89%     83.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         131913     12.42%     96.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         39112      3.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           1062114                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              205927                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           28768                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             123120                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          16581                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              329047                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               148                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           45349                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             222186                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         222307                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               845209197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             952794                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               952794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       915472                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           349                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              34991                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        78251                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              915472                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  349                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads      1256162                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       705412                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               329812                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             206187                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            123625                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      844256883.973249                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      952313.026751                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.001127                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.998873                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                   129313                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         8750      0.92%      0.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           572716     60.10%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            2845      0.30%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          209910     22.03%     83.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         123906     13.00%     96.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         34776      3.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            952952                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           165548187                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               970                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       164056712                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           71821944                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             1073                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       70725093                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           237370131                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              2043                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       234781805                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          836279229                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              348                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      836279577                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               845912581                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          844954461                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            844954461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    808596045                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       4463334                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           11552213                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    108287880                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           808596045                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              4463334                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   1134956915                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    620645013                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      4263337                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      2820027                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            238095538                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          166271548                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          71823990                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      542064.166993                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      845370516.833007                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999359                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000641                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                141303868                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     14107406      1.67%      1.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        589350311     69.75%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          420718      0.05%     71.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     71.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        1050126      0.12%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         916803      0.11%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              7      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       166446029     19.70%     91.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       71825901      8.50%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        839223      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         844956525                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits              154753                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              18                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              85922                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              240675                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              18                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              91798                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          91798                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               845622924                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             716078                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               716078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       686323                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls              29290                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        52444                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              686323                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       942538                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       541790                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               241138                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts             154772                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             86366                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      844907176.693371                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      715747.306629                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000846                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999154                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    96135                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         4358      0.61%      0.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           433665     60.56%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            2723      0.38%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead          157598     22.01%     83.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          86372     12.06%     95.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         31353      4.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            716080                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             553                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          70744                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           1807                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          1807                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        70106                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        54697                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          712                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          281                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          872                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         65833                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        65830                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        70191                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       173601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       173601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       229832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       229832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             403433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      7353600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      7353600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      5848477                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      5848477                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            13202077                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       469030                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        731596                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.638899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.480320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              264180     36.11%     36.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2              467416     63.89%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          731596                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.707698                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1707698289000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4392414232500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2306850                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2306850                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              269385149                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 784432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6339.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 14623687511                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14623687511                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        58944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        62208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        58496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        91264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        34432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        69568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       745088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1152640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        58944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        58496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        91264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        69568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       278272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       811968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         811968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data          538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        11642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              18010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        12687                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             12687                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        34517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        36428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        34254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        19113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst        53443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data        20163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        40738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       436311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               674967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        34517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        34254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        53443                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        40738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          162952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks         475475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              475475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks         475475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        34517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        36428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        34254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        19113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst        53443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data        20163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        40738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       436311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1150442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     46041088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         7872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     46089408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        14144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     46207616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     45313536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         183689280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         7872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        14144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        11008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        37632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     25999040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       25999040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       719392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       720147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       721994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       708024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2870145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       406235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            406235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     26960903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         4610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     26989198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst         8282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     27058419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst         6446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     26534861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            107565418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         4610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         8282                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         6446                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total           22037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       15224610                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            15224610                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       15224610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         2698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     26960903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         4610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     26989198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst         8282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     27058419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst         6446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     26534861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           122790028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                  29226013                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                 9722410     49.96%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     39      0.00%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1748      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      8      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                9737554     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total            19461759                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                  9722410     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      39      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1748      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       8      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                 9722404     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total             19446609                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1458451100000     85.40%     85.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                2925000      0.00%     85.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               85652000      0.01%     85.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1232000      0.00%     85.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31           249157265500     14.59%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1707698174500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998444                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999222                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::256                 3238400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::257                 6476800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total               9715201                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    2      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                    7      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl              9742957     33.35%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   3497      0.01%     33.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                 9717007     33.26%     66.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys             9715202     33.25%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              38403      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total              29217075                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel          9717012                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user            9716328                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel            9716328                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user              9716328                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999930                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999965                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1286071580500     60.36%     60.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        844604816000     39.64%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       7                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         10541565                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.955237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         1077137067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10541565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           102.179996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.955237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2186036327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2186036327                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    638759704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      638759704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    438424055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     438424055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         8454                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8454                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10548                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        10548                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1077183759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      1077183759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1077183759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     1077183759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     10268953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10268953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       272595                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       272595                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2560                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2560                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          424                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          424                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     10541548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      10541548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     10541548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     10541548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    649028657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    649028657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    438696650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    438696650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        11014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        11014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10972                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        10972                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1087725307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1087725307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1087725307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1087725307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.000621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.232431                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.232431                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.038644                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.038644                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       314805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           314805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            45530                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1327762932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            45530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         29162.374962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6830838654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      6830838654                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   3415351032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3415351032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   3415351032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      3415351032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   3415351032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     3415351032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        45530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        45530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        45530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         45530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        45530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        45530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   3415396562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3415396562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   3415396562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   3415396562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   3415396562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   3415396562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        45530                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            45530                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                  29202972                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                 9715059     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1748      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      7      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                9726695     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total            19443509                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                  9715059     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1748      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       7      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                 9715053     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total             19431867                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1458410777500     85.44%     85.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               85652000      0.01%     85.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1083500      0.00%     85.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31           248533769000     14.56%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1707031282000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998803                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999401                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::256                 3236000     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::257                 6472000     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total               9708001                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                    9      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl              9731988     33.34%     33.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   3497      0.01%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                 9709766     33.26%     66.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys             9708002     33.25%     99.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              40803      0.14%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total              29194068                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel          9709767                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user            9709119                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  8                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel            9709120                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user              9709119                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999933                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.125000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999966                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      862004067500     40.49%     40.49% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        844445232500     39.66%     80.15% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        422647201000     19.85%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       9                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         10520632                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.240867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs         1076146404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10520632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           102.289140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   511.240867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.998517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.947266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2184144309                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2184144309                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    638231256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      638231256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    438046782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     438046782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4569                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4569                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5404                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5404                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1076278038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total      1076278038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1076278038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total     1076278038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     10250946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10250946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       270882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       270882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           75                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     10521828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      10521828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     10521828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     10521828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    648482202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    648482202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    438317664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    438317664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5481                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5481                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1086799866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1086799866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1086799866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1086799866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.000618                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000618                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.166393                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.166393                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013689                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.013689                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       305350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           305350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            34573                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1693159964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            34573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         48973.475371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6825840305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      6825840305                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   3412868293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3412868293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   3412868293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      3412868293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   3412868293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     3412868293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        34573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        34573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        34573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         34573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        34573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        34573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   3412902866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3412902866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   3412902866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   3412902866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   3412902866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   3412902866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        34573                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            34573                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                  29222556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                 9722350     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   1748      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     11      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                9733990     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total            19458099                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                  9722350     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    1748      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      11      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                 9722346     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total             19446455                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1458864833000     85.43%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               85652000      0.01%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1312500      0.00%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31           248746155000     14.57%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1707697952500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998804                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999402                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        4      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                 3238400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                 6476800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total               9715209                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   12      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   24      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl              9739358     33.34%     33.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   3499      0.01%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                 9716985     33.26%     66.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys             9715216     33.26%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              38447      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total              29213541                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel          9717009                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user            9716340                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel            9716340                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user              9716340                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999931                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999966                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      863097573000     50.54%     50.54% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        844600379500     49.46%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      24                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         10510342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.825591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs         1076652081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10510342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           102.437397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   510.825591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.997706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2185382155                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2185382155                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    638586412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      638586412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    438323394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     438323394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         5082                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5082                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         5943                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5943                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1076909806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total      1076909806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1076909806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total     1076909806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     10241871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10241871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       270593                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       270593                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          990                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          990                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          127                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     10512464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      10512464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     10512464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     10512464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    648828283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    648828283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    438593987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    438593987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6072                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6072                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1087422270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1087422270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1087422270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1087422270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.015785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.163043                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.163043                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.020923                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.020923                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.009667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.009667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       308256                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           308256                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            37116                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1744201340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            37116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         46993.246578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6829239764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      6829239764                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   3414564208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3414564208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   3414564208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      3414564208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   3414564208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     3414564208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        37116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        37116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        37116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         37116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        37116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        37116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   3414601324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3414601324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   3414601324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   3414601324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   3414601324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   3414601324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        37116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            37116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                  29222267                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                 9722278     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   1748      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      9      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                9733930     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total            19457965                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                  9722278     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    1748      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       9      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                 9722279     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total             19446314                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1458593210500     85.43%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               85652000      0.01%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 866500      0.00%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31           248719729000     14.57%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1707399458000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998803                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999401                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::256                 3238400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::257                 6476800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total               9715201                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   11      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   11      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl              9739247     33.34%     33.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   3499      0.01%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                 9716965     33.26%     66.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys             9715202     33.26%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              38403      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total              29213338                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel          9716976                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user            9716328                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel            9716328                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user              9716328                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999933                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999967                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1285677125000     60.35%     60.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        844598317500     39.65%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      11                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         10161288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.200514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs         1077099710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10161288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           106.000313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   511.200514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.998439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          476                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.929688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2184953878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2184953878                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    638915072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      638915072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    438306705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     438306705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4587                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4587                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5442                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5442                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data   1077221777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total      1077221777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data   1077221777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total     1077221777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      9895117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9895117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       267361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       267361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          929                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          929                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           72                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     10162478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      10162478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     10162478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     10162478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    648810189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    648810189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    438574066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    438574066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5516                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5516                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   1087384255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1087384255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   1087384255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1087384255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.015251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.000610                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000610                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.168419                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.168419                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.013058                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.013058                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.009346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.009346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       303524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           303524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            34767                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         1249755359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            34767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         35946.597607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6829023605                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      6829023605                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   3414459652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3414459652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   3414459652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      3414459652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   3414459652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     3414459652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        34767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        34767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        34767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         34767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        34767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        34767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   3414494419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3414494419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   3414494419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   3414494419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   3414494419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   3414494419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks        34767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total            34767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7208                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7208                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        14174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        14894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   14894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        56696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          203                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        57329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    57329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      42289750                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     21145403                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       750802                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1545458                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1541823                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         3635                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 239                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           20603713                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               3676                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              3676                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       620155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        36821                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         19736404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2450                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            499                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2949                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            541027                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           541027                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          80103                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      20523371                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       113520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     31294947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        83507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     31204136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               62696110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      4351360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    694833953                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      3131776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    693006512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              1395323601                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          7225671                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          49517003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.061612                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.240755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                46469787     93.85%     93.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 3043581      6.15%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    3635      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            49517003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      41492456                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     20746097                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       711004                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           16769                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9443                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         7326                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           20210790                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               3532                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              3532                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       611780                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        35292                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         19385694                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              222                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            199                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            537732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           537732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          71883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      20138907                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        93495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     31238979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        85563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     30119679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               61537716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3608256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    692595712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3250944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    669891360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              1369346272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          4373030                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          45868652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.031574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.175775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                44427713     96.86%     96.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 1433611      3.13%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    7328      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            45868652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             1444153                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3966.072789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              38487780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             1444153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               26.650763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   484.885508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.012783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     8.692681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1789.087467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    14.224206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1669.169618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.118380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.436789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.407512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.968279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3088                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           334299625                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          334299625                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       620155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       620155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        36821                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        36821                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       166388                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       166899                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          333287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        44537                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        33536                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        78073                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      9654257                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      9633676                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     19287933                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        44537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      9820645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        33536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      9800575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           19699293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        44537                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      9820645                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        33536                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      9800575                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          19699293                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2191                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2273                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          398                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          465                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       103776                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       103898                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        207674                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1037                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2030                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       616988                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       616976                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1233964                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       720764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       720874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          1443668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       720764                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       720874                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         1443668                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       620155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       620155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        36821                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        36821                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2192                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2274                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          399                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          466                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       270164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       270797                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       540961                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        45530                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        34573                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        80103                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     10271245                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     10250652                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     20521897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        45530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     10541409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        34573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     10521449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       21142961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        45530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     10541409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        34573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     10521449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      21142961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999544                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999560                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997494                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997854                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.384122                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.383675                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383898                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.029995                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.025342                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.060069                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060189                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.060129                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.021810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.068375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.029995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.068281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.021810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.068375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.029995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         209353                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              209353                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             1449142                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3884.038247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              37883324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             1449142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               26.141899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   504.809227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.000530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     9.617094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1821.826419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     7.248896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1540.536081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.123244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.444782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.376107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.948252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1368                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980957                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           328237132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          328237132                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       611780                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       611780                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        35292                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        35292                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       165248                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       163164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          328412                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        35384                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        33428                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        68812                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      9623167                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      9277089                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     18900256                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        35384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      9788415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        33428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      9440253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           19297480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        35384                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      9788415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        33428                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      9440253                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          19297480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           73                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           56                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          129                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       105204                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       104084                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        209288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1732                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1339                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3071                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       619535                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       618449                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1237984                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       724739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       722533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          1450343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       724739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       722533                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         1450343                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       611780                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       611780                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        35292                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        35292                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       270452                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       267248                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       537700                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        37116                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        34767                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        71883                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10242702                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      9895538                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     20138240                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        37116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10513154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        34767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     10162786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       20747823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        37116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10513154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        34767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     10162786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      20747823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.912500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.903226                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.908451                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988235                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.916667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.962406                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.388993                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.389466                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.389228                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.046665                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.038514                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.042722                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.060486                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.062498                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.061474                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.046665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.038514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.069903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.046665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.038514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         211411                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              211411                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           1242523                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              7208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             7208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       220878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1233472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           609                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           218969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          218892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1242284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        15008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      4319258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      4342096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        48865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        55929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               4398025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       296960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    105486464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        29073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    105812497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1868032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        28256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      1896288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              107708785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         5744313                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          8671651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.662386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.472896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                2927669     33.76%     33.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                5743982     66.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            8671651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           2474083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              3532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             3532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       419586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2462061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           416350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          416271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2474083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      4290547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        62368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      4352915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      4317538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      4317538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               8670453                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    104239232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      2141088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    106380320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    105484096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    105484096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              211864416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           44711                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          5824315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.007635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.087045                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                5779846     99.24%     99.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  44469      0.76%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            5824315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      1441117                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.688440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           84                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      1441117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.366486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     6.703683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.617444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.147905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.418980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.413590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     24680372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     24680372                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       208191                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       208191                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           73                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           60                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       103145                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       103848                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       206993                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       616435                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       616398                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1233028                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       719580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       720246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      1440021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           72                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       719580                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          123                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       720246                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      1440021                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       208191                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       208191                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           60                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       103153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       103853                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       207006                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       616435                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       616399                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1233029                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       719588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       720252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      1440035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           72                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       719588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       720252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      1440035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999937                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999998                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999999                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       208179                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       208179                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        16090                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.728348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         1282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        16090                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.079677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.951793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.963062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.339473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.016564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.457458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.684487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.060191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.021217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.063535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.028591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       315153                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       315153                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13351                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13351                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          689                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          690                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           77                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          117                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           68                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          137                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          399                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           77                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           77                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          118                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           68                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          826                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         1089                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           65                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12159                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        12227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2328                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1099                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1485                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6346                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        18573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2396                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1099                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13644                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        18573                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13351                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13351                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12848                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        12917                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1511                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2445                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1167                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1622                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6745                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        19662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        19662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.985507                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.946373                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.946582                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.949040                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.952147                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.941731                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.915536                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.940845                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.949040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.953063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.941731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.942916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.944614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.949040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.953063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.941731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.942916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.944614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        12415                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        12415                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        15003                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    12.571245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         1034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        15003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.068920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.707574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.051644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.321282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.118680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.372065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.606723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.065728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.020080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.069918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.023254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.785703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       297092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       297092                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          854                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          854                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           23                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          877                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          910                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           65                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        11305                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        11373                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1426                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2315                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1087                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1462                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6290                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        17663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1426                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2383                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1087                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12767                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        17663                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        12227                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2328                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1099                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1485                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6346                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        18573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        18573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.929764                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.930155                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.994421                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994416                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.989081                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.984512                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.991176                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.994421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.989081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.935723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.951004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.994421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.989081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.935723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.951004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        11525                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        11525                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements      1441109                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.720749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           78                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs      1441109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.343389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     6.640647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     6.735988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.146462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.415040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.420999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses     24680145                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses     24680145                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       208179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       208179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           73                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           60                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       103141                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       103845                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       206986                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       616435                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       616398                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1233028                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       719576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       720243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total      1440014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           72                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       719576                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          123                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       720243                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total      1440014                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       208179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       208179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           60                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       103145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       103848                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       206993                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       616435                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       616398                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1233028                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       719580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       720246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total      1440021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           72                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       719580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       720246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total      1440021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999966                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       208175                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       208175                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           649000784                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses              6118                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       240180213                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          448424768                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses             1009                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       91751569                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits          1097425552                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses              7127                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       331931782                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         2049070209                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               16                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     2049070225                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              3415396578                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         3415389435                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           3415389435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   2736162235                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     727692408                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls          104477557                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    199542847                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          2736162235                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            727692408                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   4376377037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   1945354911                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    842969057                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes    588300848                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs           1097473584                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          649046028                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         448427556                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles        3415396578                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                353356215                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass    151598031      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu       1490565583     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult           16006      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd      290839719      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp       36627100      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt       41785703      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult     112333800      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv        7648101      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt       1638400      0.05%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       649068264     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      448431073     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess     184844782      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        3415396562                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           648446221                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses              6124                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       240153723                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits          448032883                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses             1010                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       91751570                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits          1096479104                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses              7134                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       331905293                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         2048446952                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               15                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     2048446967                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              3414062571                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         3412895732                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           3412895732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   2733862267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     727577580                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls          104389925                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts    199397975                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          2733862267                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            727577580                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   4373128973                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes   1943611841                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    842866691                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    588212382                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs           1096529485                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          648493807                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts         448035678                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      2492729.995461                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      3411569841.004539                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.999270                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.000730                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                353087750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass    151547327      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu       1489318849     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult           12383      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd      290782522      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp       36629500      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt       41768903      1.22%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult     112321800      3.29%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv        7648101      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt       1638400      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       648504709     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite      448035698     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess     184694674      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        3412902866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           648795110                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              6183                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       240180131                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          448316970                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             1032                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       91752361                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits          1097112080                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              7215                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       331932492                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         2049027174                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses               44                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     2049027218                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              3415396581                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         3414594109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           3414594109                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   2735401082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     727684566                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls          104427105                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    199496850                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          2735401082                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            727684566                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   4375353669                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   1944765065                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    842954320                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes    588292324                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs           1097160380                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          648840538                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         448319842                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      795213.000698                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      3414601367.999302                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999767                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000233                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                353245731                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass    151601381      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       1490117349     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult           12567      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd      290834167      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       36627300      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt       41785503      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult     112331800      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        7647901      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt       1638400      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       648853862     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      448319900     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess     184831194      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        3414601324                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           648776625                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses              6142                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       240179665                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits          448296512                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses             1008                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       91751568                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits          1097073137                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses              7150                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       331931233                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits         2049020073                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               26                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses     2049020099                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              3414798977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         3414487269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           3414487269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   2735300384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     727684487                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls          104423827                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts    199485700                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          2735300384                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            727684487                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   4375213599                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes   1944696821                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    842954489                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes    588292782                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs           1097121164                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          648821847                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts         448299317                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      901976.153220                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      3413897000.846780                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.999736                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.000264                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                353230324                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass    151597707      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu       1490056322     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult           12400      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd      290833424      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp       36627200      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt       41785603      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult     112332800      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv        7648001      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt       1638400      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       648833653     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite      448299353     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess     184829556      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        3414494419                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        1239374                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           3532                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          3532                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       220594                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      1232913                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          185                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          191                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          270                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        219278                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       219220                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1239374                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      4319218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      4319218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        59245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        59245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            4378463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    105484800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    105484800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      2011488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      2011488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           107496288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      4331818                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       7247311                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.597635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.490375                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             2916067     40.24%     40.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             4331244     59.76%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         7247311                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.184107                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                184106548000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4576520780500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               94580321                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 94580314                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1161401014                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 784432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   158.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 14992972950                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14992972950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       124352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        64064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       287040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       142720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        36224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        12224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            670400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       124352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       287040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        36224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       449984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        80192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          80192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              10475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       675435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       347972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        12862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data         7648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1559097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data       775203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       196756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        66396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              3641370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       675435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        12862                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1559097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       196756                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         2444150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks         435574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              435574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks         435574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       675435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       347972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        12862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data         7648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1559097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data       775203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       196756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        66396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             4076944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       552064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        74304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      1994176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        78144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2725056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        74304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        80256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      1854464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        1854464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         8626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        31159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              42579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        28976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             28976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        14253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      2998611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        21900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       403592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     10831641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        18076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       424450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide          88992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             14801516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        14253                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       403592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        18076                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          435921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       10072776                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            10072776                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       10072776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        14253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      2998611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        21900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       403592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     10831641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        18076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       424450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide         88992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            24874292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     192                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      5545                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1298     29.14%     29.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      2.07%     31.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    189      4.24%     35.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.02%     35.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   2874     64.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                4454                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1296     45.13%     45.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      3.20%     48.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     189      6.58%     54.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.03%     54.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1294     45.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 2872                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            183895883000     99.89%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9261000      0.01%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              194369500      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        184106525500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998459                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.450244                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.644814                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   54      1.17%      1.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3791     81.90%     83.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    382      8.25%     91.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.02%     91.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     381      8.23%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.32%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  4629                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              434                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.221198                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.363465                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      184032551500     99.96%     99.96% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      0.04%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      54                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            13214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          493.371069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             721126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.537229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   493.371069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.963615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           695149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          695149                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       182652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         182652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       138242                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        138242                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2677                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2677                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       320894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          320894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       320894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         320894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7551                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7551                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          196                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          196                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          312                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          312                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         13854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        13854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       188955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       188955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       145793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3091                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3091                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       334748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       334748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       334748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       334748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.033357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.051793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.063410                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.063410                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.104383                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.104383                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.041386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.041386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             5955                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         2089343519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         323077.705118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1898955                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1898955                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       940542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         940542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       940542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          940542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       940542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         940542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          5957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         5957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       946499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       946499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       946499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       946499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       946499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       946499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             5955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     190                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      3273                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     762     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    189      6.53%     32.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.03%     32.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   1943     67.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                2895                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      762     44.48%     44.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     189     11.03%     55.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.06%     55.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     761     44.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 1713                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            184606916000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9261000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               97479500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        184713821000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.391662                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.591710                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2515     81.58%     81.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    378     12.26%     93.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     190      6.16%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  3083                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                190                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              637                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          479.498992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             459258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           430.823640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   479.498992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.936521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.936521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.837891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           190662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          190662                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        59663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          59663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        32839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         32839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          573                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          573                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          548                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          548                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        92502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           92502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        92502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          92502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          152                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          1133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         1133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        60644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        60644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        32991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          581                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          581                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          581                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          581                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        93635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        93635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        93635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        93635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.016176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.004607                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013769                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013769                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056799                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.056799                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.012100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.012100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           19                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               19                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1044                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1720617962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         1105795.605398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           556980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          556980                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       276924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         276924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       276924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          276924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       276924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         276924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       277968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       277968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       277968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       277968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       277968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       277968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      18                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    470344                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    3566     40.50%     40.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.05%     40.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    189      2.15%     42.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     42.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   5046     57.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                8806                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     3566     48.68%     48.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.05%     48.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     189      2.58%     51.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     51.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    3565     48.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 7325                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            183538697500     99.80%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 286000      0.00%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9261000      0.01%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              353916000      0.19%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        183902325000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.706500                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.831819                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.28%      0.28% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      0.28%      0.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                       347     96.93%     97.49% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      0.28%     97.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.28%     98.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.28%     98.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.28%     98.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        2      0.56%     99.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.84%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   358                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   25      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 8035      1.71%      1.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1081      0.23%      1.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%      1.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     577      0.12%      2.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 368      0.08%      2.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.00%      2.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique             459474     97.85%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                469569                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              603                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                570                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                571                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  570                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.946932                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.972720                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1885147000      1.03%      1.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        181950149000     98.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      25                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            94437                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.269382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           84244661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            94781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           888.834904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.269382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.998573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.671875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        168220618                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       168220618                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     53722294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       53722294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     29955566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      29955566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       144108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       144108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       145752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       145752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     83677860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        83677860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     83677860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       83677860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        56323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        56323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        36872                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36872                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1891                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1891                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        93195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         93195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        93195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        93195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     53778617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     53778617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     29992438                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     29992438                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       145999                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       145999                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       145820                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       145820                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     83771055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     83771055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     83771055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     83771055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.012952                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012952                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000466                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000466                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        58296                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            58296                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           364696                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         2038919747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           365208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          5582.900010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        735662853                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       735662853                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    367284375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      367284375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    367284375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       367284375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    367284375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      367284375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       364701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       364701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       364701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        364701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       364701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       364701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    367649076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    367649076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    367649076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    367649076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    367649076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    367649076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       364696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           364696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     191                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      4061                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     854     27.58%     27.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    189      6.10%     33.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.10%     33.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   2051     66.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                3097                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      854     44.97%     44.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     189      9.95%     54.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.16%     55.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     853     44.92%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 1899                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            184233340000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9261000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              102867000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        184345819500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.415895                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.613174                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58      1.73%      1.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.15%      1.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2648     78.81%     80.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    379     11.28%     91.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     258      7.68%     99.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.27%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  3360                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              316                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.212025                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.349869                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      184316690000    100.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          472.335310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             485247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           156.430368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   472.335310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.922530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.922530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.900391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           268824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          268824                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        81817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          81817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        45488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         45488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1009                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1009                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1005                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1005                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       127305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          127305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       127305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         127305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           47                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           47                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          3353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         3353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        84340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        46318                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        46318                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1057                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1057                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1052                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1052                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       130658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       130658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       130658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       130658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.029915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.017920                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017920                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.045412                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.045412                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.044677                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044677                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.025662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.025662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1063                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1063                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             2398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         2165722410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         744234.505155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           828564                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          828564                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       410685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         410685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       410685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          410685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       410685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         410685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       413083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       413083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       413083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       413083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       413083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       413083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             2398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  600                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 600                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1468                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1468                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         8610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    25026                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  260                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 2340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                2340                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             256                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  256                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         43387                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21569                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         3372                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9152                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         7943                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1209                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              15041                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                754                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               754                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8438                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4988                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              630                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            345                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             975                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7073                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7073                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           7001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7488                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        16307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        43614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2683                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  65516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       662400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1406123                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       104896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        71088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 2244507                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           109404                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            153080                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.110067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.337266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  137440     89.78%     89.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   14431      9.43%     99.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    1209      0.79%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              153080                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        929873                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       464647                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        29487                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           17968                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        15669                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2299                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  44                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             427928                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        59359                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       346031                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            29602                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             442                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             37375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            37375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         367099                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         60785                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1073690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       277556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         9613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                1367398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     45375296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      9804423                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       265024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       280128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                55724871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            85716                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           1015759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.078049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.276593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  938789     92.42%     92.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   74661      7.35%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    2309      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             1015759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               11803                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3982.599574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               1102462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               15839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               69.604268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   699.583454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   142.792868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1554.319482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   353.223248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1232.680522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.170797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.034862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.379473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.086236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.300947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.972314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985352                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              339544                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             339544                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8438                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8438                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4988                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         4988                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          481                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             481                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3972                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1007                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4979                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2825                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          579                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3404                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               8864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3972                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1007                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          579                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              8864                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          554                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           73                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          627                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          308                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          338                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6491                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6570                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1984                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           37                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2021                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3571                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          177                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3748                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            12339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1984                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10062                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           12339                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8438                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8438                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4988                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4988                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          554                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           73                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          627                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          308                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          338                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6972                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7051                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         5956                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1044                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         7000                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6396                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          756                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7152                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         5956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          21203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         5956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         21203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.931010                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.931783                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.333109                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.035441                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.288714                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.558318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.234127                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.524049                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.333109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.752693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.035441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.306587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.581946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.333109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.752693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.035441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.306587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.581946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3478                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3478                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               42871                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3924.758033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               1781638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               46108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               38.640540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2519.947839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   665.781373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   688.537909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    26.553174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    23.937738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.615222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.162544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.168100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.006483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.005844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.958193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.790283                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             7283760                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            7283760                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        59359                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        59359                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       346031                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       346031                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           59                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             66                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11349                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           11433                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       359055                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1780                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       360835                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        48683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        50163                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       359055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        60032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             422431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       359055                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        60032                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1780                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1564                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            422431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          104                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          192                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           95                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        25280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          634                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total         25914                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5646                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          618                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         6264                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9352                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          994                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10346                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        34632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            42524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5646                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        34632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          618                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1628                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           42524                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        59359                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        59359                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       346031                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       346031                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          163                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          258                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        36629                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        37347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       364701                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2398                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       367099                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        58035                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2474                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        60509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       364701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        94664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total         464955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       364701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        94664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total        464955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.638037                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.926316                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.744186                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.973684                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989583                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.690164                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.883008                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.693871                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.015481                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.257715                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.017064                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.161144                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.401778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.170983                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.015481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.365841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.257715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.510025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.091458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.015481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.365841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.257715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.510025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          26536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               26536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             14437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           10763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6825                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13841                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        10563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        26176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        39351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        22252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        23256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total          780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 63387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       226944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       783872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5275                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1016091                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       595968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3335                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       599303                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        16640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        16640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1632034                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           81532                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           121786                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.664715                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.472092                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  40833     33.53%     33.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  80953     66.47%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             121786                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 44                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             19274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        29999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           18102                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            32598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           32570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        19230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       102561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        24245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       126806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        26874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        26874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                153680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3819136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       603399                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      4422535                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       815936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       815936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                5238471                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           25363                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           126635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.197386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.398028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 101639     80.26%     80.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  24996     19.74%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             126635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6005                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.163246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           88                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.014616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.508044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.612258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.042823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.469253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.163266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.252676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.885203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       152752                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       152752                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3472                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3472                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6354                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         6411                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2570                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2621                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total          256                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         9032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8924                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         9032                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3472                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3472                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6355                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6412                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2573                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2624                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         9036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         9036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998834                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3468                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3468                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         8413                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.971740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           63                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         8429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.007474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.587733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.528794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.959656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.276681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.618875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.224233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.158050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.434979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.017293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.038680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.873234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       126338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       126338                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1023                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1023                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          137                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           78                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4485                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2657                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          566                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          376                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8084                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         8340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4485                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2884                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          566                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          405                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         8340                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1023                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1023                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4485                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2665                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          566                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          376                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8092                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         8353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         8353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.978448                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.980843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996998                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999011                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         1010                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         1010                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         8393                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.696850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           64                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         8409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.007611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.892303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.756814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.163693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.260673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.623366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.180769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.172301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.447731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.016292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.038960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.856053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       126099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       126099                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          137                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           78                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          224                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          253                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4485                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2641                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          566                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          376                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8068                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         8321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4485                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2865                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          566                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          405                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         8321                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          227                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4485                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2657                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          566                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          376                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8084                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         8340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         8340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.986784                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.988281                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993978                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998021                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          991                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          991                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6001                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.307962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           87                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.014459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.795697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.697369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.814748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.612231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.168586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.113422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.894248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       152938                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       152938                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3468                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3468                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6353                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         6666                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2569                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2620                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         9286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8922                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          260                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         9286                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3468                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3468                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6354                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6667                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2570                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2621                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         9288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         9288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999850                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999611                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999618                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         3463                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         3463                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              191941                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             149375                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              341316                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             217918                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         218070                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               368213288                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             946017                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               946017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       908573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3685                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              37050                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        80451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              908573                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3685                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      1259516                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       666165                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2400                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2386                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               342810                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             192969                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            149841                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      367266828.504486                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      946459.495514                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.002570                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.997430                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   129225                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        12043      1.27%      1.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           553719     58.50%     59.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            2068      0.22%     59.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1174      0.12%     60.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.02%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          199626     21.09%     81.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         150286     15.88%     97.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         27356      2.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            946499                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               61225                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              33762                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               94987                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              39157                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          39157                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               369427832                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             277968                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               277968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       265686                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              11622                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        19166                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              265686                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       363080                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       210607                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                95177                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              61225                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             33952                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      369149137.609628                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      278694.390372                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000754                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999246                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    36662                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         1762      0.63%      0.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           165483     59.53%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            1073      0.39%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           62408     22.45%     83.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          33952     12.21%     95.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         13290      4.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            277968                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            53464963                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               282                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        52906891                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           30138836                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               26                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       29620557                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            83603799                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               308                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        82527448                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          364001242                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              261                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      364001503                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               367803984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          367648756                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            367648756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    358751116                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       1050502                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            8536492                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     31437524                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           358751116                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              1050502                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    562851669                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    293191267                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads       984023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes       459349                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             84064082                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           53924942                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          30139140                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      563145.681500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      367240838.318500                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.998469                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.001531                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 43934156                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      4178897      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        275644797     74.97%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult         2702050      0.73%     76.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd         197119      0.05%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp          65537      0.02%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         131077      0.04%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             16      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        54083708     14.71%     91.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       30139797      8.20%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        506077      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         367649076                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               84849                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               329                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              47456                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               35                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            872                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              132305                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              62310                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          62435                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               368691770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             412698                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               412698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       395130                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls              14313                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        35219                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              395130                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       534764                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       309124                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               133604                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              85738                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             47866                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      368278216.081295                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      413553.918705                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001122                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998878                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    56427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         4575      1.11%      1.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           251823     60.96%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            1150      0.28%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.01%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           87965     21.29%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          47876     11.59%     95.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         19667      4.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            413083                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              44                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10749                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            458                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           458                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4478                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         9666                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          280                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          116                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          347                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6926                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6923                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10705                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        26944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        26944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        24206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        24206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              51150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       816384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       816384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       601735                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       601735                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1418119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        92483                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        124204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.736941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.440296                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               32673     26.31%     26.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               91531     73.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          124204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
