
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000356                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   355956000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2271414150500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              203585568                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                203579401                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              465221956                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1305292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   155760537                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     155760537                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst       105536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data        65088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst        25664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data        37120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst       100032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data       150336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            483776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       105536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst        25664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst       100032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       231232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       106112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         106112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         1017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst          401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data          580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data         2349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               7559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst    296486083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data    182854061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst     72098799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data    104282552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst    281023497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data    422344335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1359089326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst    296486083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst     72098799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst    281023497                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       649608379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      298104260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           298104260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      298104260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst    296486083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data    182854061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst     72098799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data    104282552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst    281023497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data    422344335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1657193586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         9600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       104064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data        40064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst         3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data       411200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            569152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         9600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst          704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       470080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         470080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data         6425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               8893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         7345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst     26969625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data    292350740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst      1977773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data    112553237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst      9888863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data   1155198957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1598939195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst     26969625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst      1977773                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst      9888863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        38836261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1320612660                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1320612660                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1320612660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst     26969625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data    292350740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst      1977773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data    112553237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst      9888863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data   1155198957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2919551855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357393000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357557500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          376.097960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                  8                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    4                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   375.519926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.578034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.733437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.001129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.734566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.566406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357393000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357557500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          406.683554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                 21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   21                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   406.105878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.577675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.793176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.001128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.794304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.791016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357393000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357557500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          228.645528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   228.068210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.577317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.445446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.001128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.446573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.287109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357339000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357503500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.232904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   442.655945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.576959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.864562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.861328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                       570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                     162     47.65%     47.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                    177     52.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total                 340                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                      162     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                     161     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                  324                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0               139158000     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12117500      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151440000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.909605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.952941                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.31%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.28%      3.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                  321     88.43%     92.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.28%     92.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.96%     97.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.48%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                   363                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61869500     75.48%     75.48% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.52%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             4853                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          460.233706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs              70741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.576757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data    24.659456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   435.574249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.048163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.850731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.898894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           129871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          129871                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        30707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        25608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data        56315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total           56315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data        56315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total          56315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2176                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2176                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          4962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         4962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        33493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        27784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        61277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        61277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.083182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.083182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.078318                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078318                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.160920                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160920                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.044408                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044408                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.080977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.080977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             2971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             2443                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs             290983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs           119.108883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst    25.893553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   486.106447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.050573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.949427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses           335983                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses          335983                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         164327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          164327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         164327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          2443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         2443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       166770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       166770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total             2443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                       786                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                      94     47.00%     47.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.50%     48.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                    103     51.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total                 200                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                       94     49.47%     49.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.58%     51.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                      93     48.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                  190                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351243500     98.20%     98.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31                6094500      1.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357699000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.902913                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.950000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     21.17%     21.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.82%     23.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                  129     47.08%     70.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.36%     70.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                      69     25.18%     95.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.28%     99.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.73%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                   274                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel              127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.527559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.690722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1895522500     99.57%     99.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             2158                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.450612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              23863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            11.057924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data    99.150105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   358.300507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.193653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.699806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.904297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            79662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           79662                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        22580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        12707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data        35287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           35287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data        35287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          35287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          675                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          675                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          2402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         2402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        24307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        13382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        37689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        37689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.071049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.050441                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050441                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.073996                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.073996                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.044492                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044492                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.063732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.063732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total             1128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             1239                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             104492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            84.335755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst   200.676151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   311.323849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.391946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.608054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           277427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          277427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         136855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          136855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         136855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          1239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         1239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       138094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       138094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total             1239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                      1212                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                     250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                    247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total                 498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                      248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                     247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                  496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0               552409500     98.27%     98.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9610000      1.71%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total           562131500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::wripir                    7      1.22%      1.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.20%     10.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                  397     68.92%     79.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.17%     79.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.17%     79.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.36%     97.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.60%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                   576                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1682497000     95.71%     95.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500      4.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements            12460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          424.569961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs             153585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.326244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data   105.455119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   319.114842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.205967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.623271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.829238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           356118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          356118                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        76497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        79988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data       156485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total          156485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data       156485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total         156485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         5750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         6912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data        12662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total         12662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data        12662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total        12662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        82247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        86900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       169147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       169147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.069911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.079540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.121378                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.121378                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.070810                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.070810                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.074858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.074858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total             8107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements             4451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs             317252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            71.276567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst   204.683571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   307.188205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.399773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.599977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           910870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          910870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         448757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total          448757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total         448757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total          4452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total         4452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       453209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total       453209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total       453209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total             4451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357348000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357512500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          408.844043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data   407.692668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     1.151374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.796275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.002249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.798524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst          507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests            15                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            9                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1092                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          852                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          240                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                  8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                     31                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                     656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            38166                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             38099                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.035067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.215492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   37003     97.12%     97.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                     856      2.25%     99.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     240      0.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               38099                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests            12                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3659                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2689                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          970                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp                  8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                     28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                     528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            49407                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             48964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.094621                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.353965                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   45301     92.52%     92.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    2693      5.50%     98.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     970      1.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               48964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21920                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11194                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1308                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10107                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8990                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1117                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp               8328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4099                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3002                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              220                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             48                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             268                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2631                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2631                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3682                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4646                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         6992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        14735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         3374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         6892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  31993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       291136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       502672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       136640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       225432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 1155880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            52139                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             73938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.190457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.429985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   60988     82.49%     82.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   11821     15.99%     98.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                    1126      1.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               73938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34280                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16838                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1382                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10479                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9519                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          960                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              10361                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8108                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3736                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               91                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             93                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             184                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5909                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        12600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        37673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  50294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       521472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      1333504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 1855304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            37949                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             72185                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.193184                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.427159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   59200     82.01%     82.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                   12025     16.66%     98.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                     960      1.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               72185                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3702.360008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                       0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   681.650691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst           39                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data           26                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  1975.423745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   980.284003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.001566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.166419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.009521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.006348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.482281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.239327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.903896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3700                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          555                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.903320                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                 110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses                110                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total                5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total               5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total              7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total             7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            2982.050685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                       0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1175.554024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   372.402797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   587.092773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.001089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.287000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.100098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.090919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.106689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.143333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.728040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2717                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2533                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.663330                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses                  85                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses                 85                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total                5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total               5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total              7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total             7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks              1                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                   1                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                8112                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3584.358345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                  5329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                8112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                0.656928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1815.848311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst    25.312421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data    33.315792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst     1.297599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     2.074449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   539.562731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   493.464196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   260.409648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   413.073201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.443322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.006180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.008134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.131729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.120475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.063577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.100848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.875087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.770752                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              175761                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             175761                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3002                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         3002                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             27                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          246                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             330                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1469                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1060                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          929                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1989                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total               3788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total              3788                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          152                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1746                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          2293                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2213                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total             7066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3526                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total            7066                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3002                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3002                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1992                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          631                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2623                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3682                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2840                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1709                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4549                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          10854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         10854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.824675                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.849162                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.876506                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.866878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.874190                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736390                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.601032                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.626761                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.456407                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.562761                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.729719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.567094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.651004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.729719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.567094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.651004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           5194                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                5194                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements               10257                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3529.727978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 17469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs               10257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.703130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1582.208897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst   215.013920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data   117.255913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst   296.248749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data   142.639236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   405.082401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   771.096672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.182190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.386281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.052494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.028627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.072326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.034824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.098897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.188256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.861750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2959                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987549                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              281652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             281652                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3696                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         3696                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total             397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2833                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2520                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2521                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               5751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              5751                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         6426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total          6426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1619                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         3378                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3379                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         9804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total            11424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         9804                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total           11424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3696                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3696                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         6823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         5898                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5900                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        12721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          17175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        12721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         17175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.988636                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.941814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.941814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.363657                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.572737                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.572712                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.770694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.665153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.770694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.665153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks           3815                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                3815                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        21540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        21572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 21594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       595072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       595200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 595536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           23609                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            38093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.617095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.486102                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  14586     38.29%     38.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  23507     61.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              38093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                    22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side          400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total          400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                    400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           50537                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            48961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.015654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                     12      0.02%      0.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  48949     99.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              48961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              4773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            48                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            205                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        22220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        22220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 22220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       783592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       783592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                 783592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           44430                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            58862                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.745829                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.435398                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  14961     25.42%     25.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  43901     74.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              58862                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              5611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        18166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        13742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        31908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         9415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total         9415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 41323                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       650176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       324040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       974216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       422976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       422976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1397192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           20689                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            48112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.429082                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.494950                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  27468     57.09%     57.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  20644     42.91%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              48112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.000697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks           14                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.875000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.875044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses           34                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses           34                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements            1                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse     9.045365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs            1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.620266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.424007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.001089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.163767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.089000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.250000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.565335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses           78                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses           78                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements         9902                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.671122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs           57                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs         9902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.005756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.774127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.001951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     0.000305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.394113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.760310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     4.223811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.516505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.360883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.087132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.047519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.263988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.094782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.854445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       131403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       131403                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          169                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1732                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         2276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total         7049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3512                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total         7049                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          169                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1732                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4773                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total         7049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total         7049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         5194                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         5194                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         4434                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.818770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           79                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         4434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.017817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.499227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst     0.727612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data     1.820354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst     0.364406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data     1.822224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     3.161023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     4.423923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.156202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.045476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.113772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.022775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.113889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.197564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.276495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.926173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        78960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        78960                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2284                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3847                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         4398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2835                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         4398                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3853                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         4404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         4404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.997816                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998443                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks          650                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total          650                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         8716                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.892735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs            9                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         8716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.759767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.650395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.761652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.886334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.163409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     3.176928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     4.494251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.234985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.103150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.047603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.055396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.072713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.198558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.280891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       120376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       120376                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1648                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1648                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          644                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2199                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         7640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1049                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          620                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2356                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         7640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1648                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1648                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          568                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          647                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2201                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7078                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         7646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         7646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.995363                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998374                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999091                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999152                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1658                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1658                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements         4801                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    13.139049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs            1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs         4801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.028791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.002971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     0.000355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.123404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.366668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.017733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.598431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.689299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.007713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.022917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.001108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.099902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.821191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses        61801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses        61801                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1272                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          536                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         1808                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          354                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           96                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          632                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         2421                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1272                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1809                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          355                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           96                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         2424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998138                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996748                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         4188                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         4188                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              4542418235                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      4540063797.479624                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2354437.520376                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4542418320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      4540063882.435566                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      2354437.564434                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4542418405                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4540063967.391509                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2354437.608491                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4542418490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      4540064052.347451                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2354437.652549                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits               33988                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses            8144                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits              28374                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses           4590                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits               62362                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses           12734                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits              43548                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses          43642                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles                  302186                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts             166658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps               166658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses       160904                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses           245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls               4181                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts        17260                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts              160904                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                  245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads       221966                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes       113634                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs                62626                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts              34192                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts             28434                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      231357.495387                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      70828.504613                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.234387                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.765613                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                    22732                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass         2812      1.69%      1.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu            96700     57.98%     59.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult             153      0.09%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd             30      0.02%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead           35145     21.07%     80.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite          28714     17.22%     98.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess          3216      1.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total            166770                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits               24234                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits              13749                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits               37983                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits              23180                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses          23305                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles              4542418859                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts             137709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps               137709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses       132401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls               2735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts        16770                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts              132401                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads       175525                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes       100562                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs                39091                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts              25118                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts             13973                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      3660512800.848724                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      881906058.151276                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.194149                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.805851                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                    20547                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass         2817      2.04%      2.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu            88642     64.19%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead           26160     18.94%     85.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite          13983     10.13%     95.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess          6378      4.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total            138094                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits               83056                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits              88112                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits              171168                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits             161949                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses         162101                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles              4542828302                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts             452726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps               452726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses       435758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls               8571                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts        47486                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts              435758                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads       626642                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes       295921                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs               172286                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts              83896                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts             88390                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      1649863100.831251                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      2892965201.168749                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.636820                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.363180                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                    58935                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass         9717      2.14%      2.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu           257966     56.92%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult             513      0.11%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead           86150     19.01%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite          88461     19.52%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess          9003      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total            453209                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles              4542418745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      4540064307.215279                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      2354437.784721                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8627                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             16                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5844                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4842                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          224                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2835                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2827                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8627                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        11234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        10198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        21432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        12806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        12806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              34267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       337064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       446528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       783592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       323144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       323144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1107200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        25377                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         48959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.505443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499975                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               24213     49.46%     49.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               24746     50.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           48959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.972747                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                972747161000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3244517761000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1415099                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1415099                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              654177868                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1319788                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1486.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2104219546                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2104219546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        51200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        59520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        51392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst     13017344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     41375168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       250176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       185472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data         3008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data         2752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data        11328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          55149824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       119040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        59520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     13017344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       250176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     13467584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     31060352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       31060352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       203396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       646487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         3909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         2898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst          100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst           64                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst          100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data          177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             861716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       485318                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            485318                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       122375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        52634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        61188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        52832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     13382043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     42534350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       257185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       190668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst         4737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data         1974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst         6579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data         3092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst         4211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data         2829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst         6579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        11645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             56694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       122375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        61188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     13382043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       257185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         4737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst         6579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         4211                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst         6579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        13844897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       31930550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            31930550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       31930550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       122375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        52634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        61188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        52832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     13382043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     42534350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       257185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       190668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst         4737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data         1974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst         6579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data         3092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst         4211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data         2829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst         6579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        11645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            88625472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       168704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        97984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1729152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    813977984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        57664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data        20800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data        38528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data        19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data        40960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      4771840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         820936768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        12800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1729152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total      1742720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks    152946816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      152946816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        27018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data     12718406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data          325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data          602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data          306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data          640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide        74560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total           12827137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks      2389794                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           2389794                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       173430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst          790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       100729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1777597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    836782688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        59280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data        21383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data        39607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data        20133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        42108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide        4905530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            843936432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1777597                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total         1791545                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      157231830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           157231830                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      157231830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        13159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       173430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst          790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       100729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1777597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    836782688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        59280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data        21383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data        39607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data        20133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        42108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide       4905530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          1001168261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    1001                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     22251                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    5116     25.65%     25.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    297      1.49%     27.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      4.99%     32.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  13535     67.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               19945                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     5116     44.39%     44.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     297      2.58%     46.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     996      8.64%     55.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     55.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    5116     44.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                11526                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            971771854000     99.90%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               22275000      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              904279000      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972747376500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.377983                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.577889                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   18      0.09%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.01%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                17339     83.85%     83.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1995      9.65%     93.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    1312      6.34%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 20678                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1333                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.015754                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.030303                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          63833000     55.71%     55.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            50750500     44.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      18                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            15894                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          499.487714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             660499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            15894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            41.556499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   499.487714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.975562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1983844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1983844                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       611206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         611206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       335033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        335033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         7642                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7642                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         7279                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7279                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       946239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          946239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       946239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         946239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6013                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6013                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1161                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1207                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1207                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        19634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         19634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        19634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        19634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       624827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       624827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       341046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       341046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8803                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8803                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       965873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       965873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       965873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       965873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.021800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.131887                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.131887                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.142234                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.142234                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.020328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.020328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6523                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             6523                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            12304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          512.000000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1559476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            12304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           126.745449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5819281                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5819281                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2891183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2891183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2891183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2891183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2891183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2891183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        12305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        12305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        12305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         12305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        12305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        12305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2903488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2903488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2903488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2903488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2903488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2903488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        12304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            12304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    1001                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     18243                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    4136     26.39%     26.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      6.36%     32.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.01%     32.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  10536     67.24%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               15670                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     4136     44.63%     44.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     996     10.75%     55.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.02%     55.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    4134     44.61%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 9268                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            971998541000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 321000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              528948500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972576614500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.392369                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.591449                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   60      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.02%      0.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                13608     81.29%     81.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1995     11.92%     93.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    1064      6.36%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.05%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 16741                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              122                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 66                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               1002                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 69                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   66                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    3                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.565574                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.002994                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.115966                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          76756500      0.01%      0.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8145000      0.00%      0.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        780995014000     99.99%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      60                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            10190                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          444.690066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             330656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            10190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            32.449068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     5.555678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   439.134388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.010851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.857684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.868535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          476                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.929688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1266279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1266279                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       395548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         395548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       209507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        209507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3274                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3274                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       605055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          605055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       605055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         605055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        12317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          251                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          251                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          262                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          262                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        14116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         14116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        14116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        14116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       407865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       407865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       211306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       211306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3518                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3518                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       619171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       619171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       619171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       619171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.030199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.008514                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008514                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.071206                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.071206                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.074474                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.074474                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             2453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             9081                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             856539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            94.322101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    29.384146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   482.615854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.057391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.942609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3879305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         3879305                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1926031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1926031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1926031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         1926031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1926031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        1926031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          9081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         9081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         9081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1935112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1935112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1935112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      1935112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1935112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      1935112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             9081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     173                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                  11780160                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   18047     39.56%     39.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     55      0.12%     39.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      2.18%     41.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  26522     58.14%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               45620                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    18046     48.59%     48.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      55      0.15%     48.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     996      2.68%     51.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   18046     48.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                37143                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            970657487500     99.76%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3932500      0.00%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2242808500      0.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972953032500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999945                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.680416                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.814182                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       427     62.61%     62.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        12      1.76%     64.37% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      0.15%     64.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                      235     34.46%     98.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.15%     99.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.15%     99.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        2      0.29%     99.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.15%     99.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.15%     99.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.15%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   682                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    8      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  172      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                37538      2.94%      2.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   2260      0.18%      3.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      3.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    7031      0.55%      3.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 691      0.05%      3.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%      3.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique            1229298     96.26%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total               1277002                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7202                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               6992                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               6991                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 6992                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.970703                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.985135                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       13141959000      1.35%      1.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        960593454500     98.65%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     172                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         24745193                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.895759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          486099833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         24745193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.644213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.024685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.871074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1046491902                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1046491902                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    325420407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      325420407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    148091497                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     148091497                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6248624                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      6248624                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6360296                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      6360296                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    473511904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       473511904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    473511904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      473511904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     22940843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22940843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1697130                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1697130                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       112151                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       112151                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          416                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          416                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     24637973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      24637973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     24637973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     24637973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    348361250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    348361250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    149788627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    149788627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6360775                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      6360775                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6360712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      6360712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    498149877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    498149877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    498149877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    498149877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.065854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.011330                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011330                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.017632                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017632                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000065                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000065                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.049459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.049459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4961754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          4961754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          9454338                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1924958670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          9454338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           203.605865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.075205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.924795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3898991362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      3898991362                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1935314174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1935314174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1935314174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1935314174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1935314174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1935314174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      9454338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      9454338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      9454338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       9454338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      9454338                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      9454338                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1944768512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1944768512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1944768512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1944768512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1944768512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1944768512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      9454338                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          9454338                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    1001                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     17359                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    4031     26.25%     26.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      6.49%     32.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.01%     32.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  10325     67.25%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               15354                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     4031     44.50%     44.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     996     11.00%     55.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.02%     55.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    4029     44.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 9058                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            972005559500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 330500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              521835500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972576529500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.390218                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.589944                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    7      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                13358     81.66%     81.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1995     12.20%     93.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     998      6.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 16358                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1005                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       7                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             7081                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          434.269445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             300316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             7081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            42.411524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    81.668601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   352.600844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.159509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.688674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.848183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          476                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.929688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1125311                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1125311                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       352541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         352541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       188558                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        188558                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2845                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2845                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       541099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          541099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       541099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         541099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1180                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1180                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          255                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          255                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         10345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        10345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       361706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       361706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       189738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       189738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3105                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3105                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       551444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       551444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       551444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       551444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.025338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.006219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.058937                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.058937                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.082258                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.082258                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             7421                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             767395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           103.408570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    35.582880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   476.417120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.069498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.930502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3369979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         3369979                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1673858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1673858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1673858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         1673858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1673858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        1673858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          7421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         7421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1681279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1681279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1681279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      1681279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1681279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      1681279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             7421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                     997                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                     17556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                    4088     26.27%     26.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      6.40%     32.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                  10475     67.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total               15560                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                     4088     44.57%     44.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                     996     10.86%     55.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     55.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                    4087     44.56%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                 9172                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0            972007062500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31              520456000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972576487000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.390167                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.589460                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                    4      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                13566     81.93%     81.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                   1992     12.03%     93.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                     997      6.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                 16559                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1001                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                       4                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             8199                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          444.609688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs             301501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             8199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            36.772899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   444.609688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.868378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.868378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.935547                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1179778                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1179778                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       370919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         370919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       194961                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        194961                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2848                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2848                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data       565880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total          565880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data       565880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total         565880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        10933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1065                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1065                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          229                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          229                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          267                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          267                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        11998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total         11998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        11998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total        11998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       381852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       381852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       196026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       196026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3077                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3077                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3069                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3069                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       577878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total       577878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       577878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total       577878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.028632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.005433                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005433                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.074423                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.074423                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.086999                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.086999                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.020762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.020762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             1109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             7330                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs             818195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs           111.622783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.002721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   511.997279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3581640                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses         3581640                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst      1779825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1779825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst      1779825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total         1779825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst      1779825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total        1779825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         7330                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7330                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         7330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          7330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         7330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         7330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst      1787155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1787155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst      1787155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total      1787155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst      1787155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total      1787155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.004101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.004101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.004101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total             7330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                     997                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                     17404                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                    4013     26.04%     26.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      6.46%     32.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                  10398     67.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total               15408                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                     4013     44.48%     44.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                     996     11.04%     55.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     55.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                    4012     44.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                 9022                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0            972008223000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31              519253000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972576444500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.385843                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.585540                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpctx                    4      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                13414     81.76%     81.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                   1992     12.14%     93.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                     997      6.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                 16407                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1001                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                       4                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             8241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          463.151185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs             306826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             8241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            37.231647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     7.728117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   455.423067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.015094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.889498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.904592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.941406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1174743                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1174743                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data       369371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         369371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data       194133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        194133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data       563504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total          563504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data       563504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total         563504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        10890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1037                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1037                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          214                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          214                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          256                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          256                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data        11927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total         11927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data        11927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total        11927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       380261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       380261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       195170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       195170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         3061                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3061                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         3053                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3053                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       575431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total       575431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       575431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total       575431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.028638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.005313                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005313                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.069912                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.069912                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.083852                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.083852                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.020727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.020727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total             1225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             7276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             800308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs           109.992853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst    86.913870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   425.086130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.169754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.830246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3565862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses         3565862                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst      1772017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1772017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst      1772017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total         1772017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst      1772017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total        1772017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         7276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         7276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          7276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         7276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         7276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst      1779293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1779293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst      1779293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total      1779293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst      1779293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total      1779293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.004089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.004089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.004089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7276                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total             7276                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                     997                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                     17386                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                    4056     26.35%     26.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      6.47%     32.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                  10337     67.17%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total               15390                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                     4056     44.53%     44.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                     996     10.94%     55.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     55.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                    4055     44.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                 9108                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0            972008867500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31              518566000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972576402000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.392280                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.591813                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpctx                    4      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                13396     81.74%     81.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                   1992     12.15%     93.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                     997      6.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                 16389                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1001                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                       4                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements             6758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          461.062870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs             264772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             6758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            39.179047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   461.062870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.900513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1111199                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1111199                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data       348940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         348940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data       185634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        185634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data       534574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total          534574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data       534574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total         534574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         9074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          259                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          259                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data        10025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total         10025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data        10025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total        10025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       358014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       358014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       186585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       186585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         3079                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3079                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         3067                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3067                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       544599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total       544599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       544599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total       544599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.025345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.005097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.055862                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.055862                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.084447                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.084447                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.018408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.018408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          840                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total              840                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements             6382                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs             721999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs           113.130523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3327074                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses         3327074                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst      1653964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1653964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst      1653964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total         1653964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst      1653964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total        1653964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         6382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         6382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total          6382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         6382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total         6382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst      1660346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1660346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst      1660346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total      1660346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst      1660346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total      1660346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6382                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total             6382                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                     997                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                     17310                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                    4013     26.20%     26.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                    996      6.50%     32.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.01%     32.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                  10303     67.28%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total               15314                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                     4013     44.47%     44.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                     996     11.04%     55.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.02%     55.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                    4013     44.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                 9024                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0            972008470000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22               48804000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 195000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31              518801000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total        972576270000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.389498                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.589265                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpctx                    4      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl                13320     81.65%     81.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                   1992     12.21%     93.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                     997      6.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                 16313                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1001                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       4                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements             6685                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          460.861284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs             310566                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             6685                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            46.457143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data     7.959112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   452.902171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.015545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.884575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.935547                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1113645                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1113645                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data       350060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         350060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data       185985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        185985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         2900                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2900                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         2792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data       536045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total          536045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data       536045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total         536045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         8921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          965                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          965                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          255                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          255                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data         9886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total          9886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data         9886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total         9886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       358981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       358981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       186950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       186950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         3065                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3065                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         3047                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3047                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       545931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total       545931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       545931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total       545931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.024851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.005162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.053834                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.053834                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.083689                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.083689                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.018109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.018109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1076                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total             1076                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements             6386                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             750837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           117.575478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst    93.332807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   413.667193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.182291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.807944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3334406                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses         3334406                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst      1657624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1657624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst      1657624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total         1657624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst      1657624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total        1657624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         6386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         6386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total          6386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         6386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total         6386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst      1664010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1664010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst      1664010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total      1664010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst      1664010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total      1664010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6386                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total             6386                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 583                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  4804608                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        590                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2504                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2504                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               85200                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              85200                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        16896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         2976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         2640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        24942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       150466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       150466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  175408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        67584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         3266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1485                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        74047                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      4805896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      4805896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  4879943                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                75233                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                75233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               677097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              677097                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              161                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        75072                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           75072                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                75072                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests        105486                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        54578                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        20057                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          191796                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        68499                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       123297                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                1783                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              50519                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               3198                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              3198                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8976                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        12075                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8415                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             3791                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5260                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4021                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4021                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          21386                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         27350                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        31333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        63676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        23514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        36939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 155462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1217792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1553862                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       923712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1051460                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 4746826                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         41416774                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          41520001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.008600                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.120274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                41286249     99.44%     99.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                  110441      0.27%     99.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  123309      0.30%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            41520001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      68437115                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     34216930                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       208747                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        24675317                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     24373569                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       301748                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 560                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           32524661                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               2942                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              2942                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4962840                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      9368184                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         19675385                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1465                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2136                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1696845                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1696845                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        9461759                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      23062342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     28271465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     74137944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        20237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        29931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              102459577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1204296128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1901510417                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       820224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       718340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              3107345109                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         44855905                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         113293574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.224155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.423363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                88200002     77.85%     77.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                24791824     21.88%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  301748      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           113293574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         70543                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        35419                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        15316                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          419250                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       124541                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       294709                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              36872                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               1994                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              1994                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7336                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             7416                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              985                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            523                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1508                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1117                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1117                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          14606                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         22266                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        17873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        32236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        18675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        31284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                 100068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       674752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       829672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       729536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       832168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 3066128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                         42747961                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples          42817921                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.017457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.175834                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                42365174     98.94%     98.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                  158038      0.37%     99.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                  294709      0.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total            42817921                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         59741                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        30211                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        12670                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          417386                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       116131                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       301255                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              31100                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               1994                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              1994                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1916                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         6400                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             6206                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              980                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1494                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq               936                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp              936                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          12768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         18332                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        15477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        26919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        16459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        26715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  85570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       582080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       683112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       644672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       688616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 2598480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                         28562323                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples          28620341                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.026082                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.215532                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                28175109     98.44%     98.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                  143977      0.50%     98.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                  301255      1.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total            28620341                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               10972                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3892.623125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 10986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               10972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.001276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1416.781886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.000099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2.000025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     2.000175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2.757673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   373.955798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   563.210401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   761.718942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   769.198126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.345894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.091298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.137503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.185967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.187793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.950347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3908                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.954102                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              703259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             703259                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8976                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8976                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        12075                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        12075                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          291                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          113                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             404                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        10245                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         8139                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        18384                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        11402                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5621                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        17023                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        10245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        11693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         8139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              35811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        10245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        11693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         8139                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5734                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             35811                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3251                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          498                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3749                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1185                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          244                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1429                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1169                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          3420                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2060                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          942                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3002                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2520                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5873                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         8393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            14815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2060                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4771                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           14815                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8976                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8976                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        12075                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        12075                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3253                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          501                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3754                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1185                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          244                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1429                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2542                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1282                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3824                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        12305                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9081                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        21386                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13922                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        11494                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        25416                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        12305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        16464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        12776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          50626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        12305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        16464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         9081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        12776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         50626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999385                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994012                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998668                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.885523                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.911856                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.894351                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.167412                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.103733                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.140372                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.181008                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.510962                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.330225                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.167412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.289784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.103733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.551190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.292636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.167412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.289784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.103733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.551190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.292636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           6281                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                6281                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements            13818963                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4066.365501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              50487981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs            13818963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                3.653529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   442.545859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.255725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.146082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.162139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.158162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst    96.213755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  3524.866236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.900648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.116896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.108043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.023490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.860563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.992765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4076                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          627                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1906                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           561350703                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          561350703                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4962840                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4962840                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      9368184                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total      9368184                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       658311                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          658338                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      9223253                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3506                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      9226759                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     10715985                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1038                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     10717023                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      9223253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     11374296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           20602120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      9223253                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     11374296                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1065                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          20602120                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          747                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          489                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1236                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          398                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          247                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          645                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1037839                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          624                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       1038463                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       231085                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3915                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       235000                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     12336719                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7854                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     12344573                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       231085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     13374558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total         13618036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       231085                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     13374558                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3915                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8478                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total        13618036                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4962840                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4962840                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      9368184                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total      9368184                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          752                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          489                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1241                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          401                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          247                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          648                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1696150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          651                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1696801                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      9454338                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         7421                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      9461759                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     23052704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8892                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     23061596                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      9454338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     24748854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         7421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       34220156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      9454338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     24748854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         7421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      34220156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993351                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995971                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992519                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995370                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.611879                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.958525                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.612012                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.024442                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.527557                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.024837                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.535153                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.883266                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.535287                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.024442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.540411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.527557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.888400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.397954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.024442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.540411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.527557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.888400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.397954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        2797422                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             2797422                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                 838                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3383.319966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                  1226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                 838                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                1.463007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1506.164273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     7.895625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data    13.745626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   440.271421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   320.069931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   413.417320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   678.755771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.367716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.001928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.003356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.107488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.078142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.100932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.165712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.826006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3621                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3620                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.884033                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              453775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             453775                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2334                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2334                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7336                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         7336                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         7256                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         7172                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        14428                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         9047                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         6160                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        15207                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         7256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         9125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         7172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data         6232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total              29785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         7256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         9125                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         7172                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data         6232                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total             29785                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          495                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          487                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          982                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          265                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          513                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          296                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          477                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total           773                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           74                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          104                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          178                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1363                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         4921                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6284                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total             7235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           74                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1659                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         5398                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total            7235                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2334                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2334                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7336                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7336                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          497                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          487                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          984                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          266                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          514                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          374                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          549                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          923                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         7330                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         7276                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        14606                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        10410                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        11081                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        21491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         7330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        10784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         7276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        11630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          37020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         7330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        10784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         7276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        11630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         37020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.995976                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997967                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.996241                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998054                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.791444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.868852                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.837486                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.010095                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.014294                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.012187                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.130932                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.444093                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.292401                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.010095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.153839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.014294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.464144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.195435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.010095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.153839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.014294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.464144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.195435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks            402                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                 402                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                1121                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3751.483199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                  1567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                1121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.397859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1447.519643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   430.741902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   664.733557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   433.837032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   765.651064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.353398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.001465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.105162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.162288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.105917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.186927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.915889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3817                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.932129                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              385913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             385913                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1916                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1916                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         6400                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         6400                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total             157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         6311                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         6273                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        12584                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         7106                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         5047                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        12153                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         6311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data         7182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         6273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data         5128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total              24894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         6311                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data         7182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         6273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data         5128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total             24894                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          482                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          492                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          974                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          255                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          504                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          257                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          392                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total           649                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           71                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          113                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          184                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         1587                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         3953                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5540                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data         4345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total             6373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         1844                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          113                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data         4345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total            6373                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1916                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1916                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         6400                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         6400                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          482                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          492                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          974                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          256                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          505                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          473                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          806                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         6382                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         6386                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        12768                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         8693                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         9000                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        17693                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         6382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         9026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         6386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         9473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          31267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         6382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         9026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         6386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         9473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         31267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.996094                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998020                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.771772                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.828753                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.805211                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.011125                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.017695                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014411                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.182561                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.439222                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.313118                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.011125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.204299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.017695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.458672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.203825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.011125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.204299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.017695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.458672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.203825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks            409                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                 409                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               2343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            801937                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             10128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            10128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       565802                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          113274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            8223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          10926                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            80459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           79608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       799594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        75072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        75072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        31774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        17592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        59328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2335684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        14980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      2350664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       224162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       225698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               2635690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       619328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       705024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        23114                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1347466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     86340992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        50933                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     86391925                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        32768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      4782144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      4814912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               92554303                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        39759373                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         41434088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.959569                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.196969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                1675236      4.04%      4.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               39758852     95.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           41434088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          12580133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              2942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             2942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2797422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        10675436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1635                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1038332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1038288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12579573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     40719987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     40719987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              40719987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side   1050597141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total   1050597141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             1050597141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                        31038102                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         58130562                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.533867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498852                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               27096568     46.61%     46.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2               31033994     53.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           58130562                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              6462                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq              1994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp             1994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          402                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           522                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6462                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        22406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        22406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 22406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       479696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       479696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                 479696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                        42749055                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples         42756228                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.016527                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  11682      0.03%      0.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2               42744546     99.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total           42756228                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp          11795932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq              1994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp             1994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2389822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict        10432991                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           595                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1037288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1037034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     11795932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         2388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        18393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        20781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     38476411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total     38476411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total              38497192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        85376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       346128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       431504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port    973842880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total    973842880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total              974274384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                         2912548                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples         28568539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.101784                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.302364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1               25660714     89.82%     89.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                2907825     10.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total           28568539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        82990                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.668700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           63                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        82990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.403175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.199465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.065767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.962698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.012467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.004110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.125000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      1379813                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      1379813                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        80484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        80484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          128                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1931                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          743                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2674                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          200                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1358                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          845                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2575                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        74560                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        74560                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         5249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          200                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3289                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1588                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         5249                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        80484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        80484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          128                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1932                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          743                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2675                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          200                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1359                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          846                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2577                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        74560                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        74560                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         5252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         5252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999482                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999626                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999264                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999224                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        80475                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        80475                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements     15373676                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.858966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         3069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs     15373676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.983589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.099196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    12.772071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.002978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.186474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.798254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses    233155734                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses    233155734                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2797422                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2797422                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1121                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total         1122                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          627                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          627                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1748                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         1749                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          769                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          642                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1411                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          398                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          247                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          645                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1036696                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          470                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      1037166                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       231085                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     12336092                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3915                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7854                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     12578946                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       231085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     13372788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total     13616112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       231085                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     13372788                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3915                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8324                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total     13616112                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2797422                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2797422                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          769                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          642                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1411                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          398                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          247                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          645                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1037817                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          471                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1038288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       231085                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     12336719                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3915                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7854                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     12579573                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       231085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     13374536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total     13617861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       231085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     13374536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total     13617861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998920                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998919                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999949                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999950                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks      2795670                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total      2795670                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements         2843                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse     3.053198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs           42                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs         2843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.014773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.143039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.042585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.094950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.024116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     2.748508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.008940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.002662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.005934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.001507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.171782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.190825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses        83117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses        83117                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          402                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          402                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          691                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          682                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1373                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          265                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          513                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          100                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total          381                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           74                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1363                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         4921                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6462                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         5202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total         6843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           74                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1463                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          104                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         5202                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total         6843                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          402                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          402                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          691                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          682                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1373                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          265                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          513                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          100                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          282                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           74                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1363                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         4921                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6462                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         5203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total         6844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           74                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         5203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total         6844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.996454                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997382                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks          403                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total          403                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         1579                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse     5.303820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           28                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         1579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.017733                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.283107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     1.828223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.547376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.078750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     2.566364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.017694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.114264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.034211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.004922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.160398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.331489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        64143                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        64143                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           28                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           28                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          624                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          633                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1257                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          252                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total          174                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         1371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         3402                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4957                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         1392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data         3555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         5131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           71                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         1392                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          113                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data         3555                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         5131                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           28                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           28                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          624                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          633                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1257                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          252                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          248                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1371                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         3402                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4957                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         3555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         5131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         3555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         5131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks           28                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total           28                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements      1271557                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.968906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         7718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs      1271557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.006070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.959443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.699133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.250266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.006445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.001352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.000801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.032072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.001653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.002317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.001794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.012607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.434965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.106196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.453142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.002005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.000145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses     13253862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses     13253862                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       485508                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       485508                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          132                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          671                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1015                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1122                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          985                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1212                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          995                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6036                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data          985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data          995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         6168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          671                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1147                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1122                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data          985                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1212                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data          995                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         6168                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          531                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          628                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          685                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          680                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          621                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          631                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3776                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          351                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          242                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          252                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          242                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          239                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          243                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1569                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        76376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        76591                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       203396                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       574574                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3909                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3732                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           79                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          100                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          527                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          155                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          100                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         1330                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       788038                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       203396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       650950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data         1472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       864629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       203396                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       650950                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3909                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3739                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           72                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data           87                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          100                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          582                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          158                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          100                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data         1472                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       864629                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       485508                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       485508                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          531                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          628                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          685                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          680                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          621                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          631                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3776                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          351                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          242                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          252                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          242                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          239                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          243                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1569                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        76508                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        76723                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       204067                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       575589                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3915                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4854                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           74                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1064                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1739                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1150                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         1334                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       794074                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       204067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       652097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         1476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       870797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       204067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       652097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           74                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         1476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       870797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998275                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998280                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996712                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998237                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998467                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.768850                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.074248                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.303048                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.901408                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.134783                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.884956                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.997001                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.992399                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.769183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.081157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.324415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.901408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.137034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.884956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.997290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.992917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.769183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.081157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.324415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.901408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.137034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.884956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.997290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.992917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks       484449                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total       484449                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements     14180049                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.835968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs         1758                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs     14180049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.794191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.033332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    13.007451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.000139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.000066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.174637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.812966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses    220438706                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses    220438706                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2391068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2391068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total         1147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          518                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          518                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total         1665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1663                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total         1665                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          153                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1931                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          741                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       958975                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          300                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        74560                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total      1036676                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          200                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1323                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          838                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        27018                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     11759451                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          238                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          526                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     11790208                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        27018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     12718426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        74560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total     12826884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          200                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3254                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1579                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        27018                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     12718426                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          902                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          326                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          607                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        74560                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total     12826884                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2391068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2391068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1931                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          741                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       960120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          302                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        74560                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1037823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          200                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1323                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          838                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        27018                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     11759969                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          602                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          238                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          526                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11790726                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        27018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     12720089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        74560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total     12828549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        27018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     12720089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        74560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total     12828549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998807                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993377                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998895                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999956                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks      2389413                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total      2389413                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              634665                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           21797                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             351993                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          12576                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              986658                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               148                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           34373                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             374632                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         374753                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1945495323                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            2903330                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              2903330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      2793536                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           628                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             143301                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       217937                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             2793536                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  628                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      3790204                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      2180504                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          328                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          291                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               988612                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             635539                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            353073                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1942592713.504547                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2902609.495453                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.001492                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.998508                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   410135                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        15762      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          1773474     61.08%     61.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            9542      0.33%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             53      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          655365     22.57%     84.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         355351     12.24%     96.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         93938      3.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           2903488                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              410842                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1837                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             215726                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               34                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   8                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            874                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              626568                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               360                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   20                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2711                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             231024                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              124                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         231148                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1945154230                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts            1934732                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps              1934732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses      1860099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           507                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              75434                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts       152933                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts             1860099                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  507                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads      2555279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes      1473077                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          252                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          257                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               628678                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             411732                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            216946                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1943220333.123759                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      1933896.876241                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000994                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999006                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                   264400                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        12375      0.64%      0.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu          1202286     62.13%     62.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            7194      0.37%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             40      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          419062     21.66%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         216972     11.21%     96.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         77180      3.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total           1935112                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           351964655                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses          10255531                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       359422699                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          156156790                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses           246016                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      149566473                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           508121445                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses          10501547                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       508989172                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         1921862772                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              560                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     1921863332                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1945906297                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         1934266965                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           1934266965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   1709492424                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       1668217                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           87753073                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    255161798                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          1709492424                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              1668217                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   2229310532                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   1250344964                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      1003351                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      1003423                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            521382439                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          364978112                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         156404327                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      725568.584801                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1945180728.415199                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999627                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000373                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                400414978                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass    157010065      8.07%      8.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       1149581005     59.11%     67.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          496355      0.03%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd         662175      0.03%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         300167      0.02%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv         100055      0.01%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       373707286     19.22%     86.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      156410926      8.04%     94.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess     106500477      5.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        1944768512                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits              364778                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 3                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              22                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits             193830                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              558608                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 3                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              22                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             207383                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         207383                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1945154060                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts            1681276                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps              1681276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses      1613403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           409                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls              69080                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts       123649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts             1613403                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  409                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads      2216729                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes      1280476                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          198                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          204                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               559667                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts             364818                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts            194849                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1943474075.876343                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      1679984.123657                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000864                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999136                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                   226272                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9654      0.57%      0.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu          1028619     61.18%     61.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            6518      0.39%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             19      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead          371114     22.07%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite         194857     11.59%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         70498      4.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total           1681279                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits              384909                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits             200084                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits              584993                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits             208985                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses         208985                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles              1945153971                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts            1787155                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps              1787155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses      1717772                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses           268                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls              72356                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts       135003                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts             1717772                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                  268                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads      2366380                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes      1365810                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads          132                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes          136                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs               586022                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts             384929                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts            201093                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      1943368125.476196                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      1785845.523804                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.000918                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.999082                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                   242299                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass         9592      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu          1107022     61.94%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult            6968      0.39%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd              8      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead          391215     21.89%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite         201097     11.25%     96.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess         71253      3.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total           1787155                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits              383302                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits             199214                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits              582516                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits             207617                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses         207617                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles              1945153886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts            1779293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps              1779293                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses      1710256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses           268                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls              72076                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts       134453                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts             1710256                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                  268                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads      2355983                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes      1359742                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads          132                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes          136                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs               583545                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts             383322                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts            200223                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      1943375901.178488                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      1777984.821512                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.000914                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.999086                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                   241299                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass         9588      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu          1102269     61.95%     62.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult            6968      0.39%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd              8      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead          389588     21.90%     84.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite         200227     11.25%     96.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess         70645      3.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total           1779293                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits              361073                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits             190647                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits              551720                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits             207455                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses         207455                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles              1945153801                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts            1660346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps              1660346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses      1592907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses           268                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls              68188                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts       121463                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts             1592907                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                  268                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads      2187888                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes      1265866                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads          132                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes          136                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs               552749                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts             361093                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts            191656                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      1943494742.436820                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      1659058.563180                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.000853                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.999147                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                   223017                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass         9444      0.57%      0.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu          1014883     61.12%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult            6451      0.39%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd              8      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead          367327     22.12%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite         191660     11.54%     95.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess         70573      4.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total           1660346                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits              362026                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits             190997                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits              553023                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits             206771                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses         206771                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles              1945153537                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts            1664010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps              1664010                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses      1596599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses           268                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls              68276                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts       121967                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts             1596599                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                  268                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads      2192771                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes      1268594                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads          132                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes          136                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs               554052                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts             362046                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts            192006                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      1943490815.303800                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      1662721.696200                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000855                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999145                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                   223609                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass         9502      0.57%      0.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu          1017452     61.14%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult            6499      0.39%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              8      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead          368269     22.13%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite         192011     11.54%     95.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess         70269      4.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total           1664010                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             560                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       12593500                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2876576                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict     10559130                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         4412                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1737                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5859                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       1115324                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1114955                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12592940                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       241451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       241451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      2357803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     38239326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     40597129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        20010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         2259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        22269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        18004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        18004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           40878853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     10258176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     10258176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     86617429                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    963755648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total   1050373077                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       398992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        80704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       479696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       346128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       346128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total          1061457077                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     15482366                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      42753385                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.362015                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.480583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3            27276026     63.80%     63.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4            15477359     36.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        42753385                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.053775                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53775234000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3298292995000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                8106088                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  8106087                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              175855880                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1320812                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   305.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2478772447                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2478772447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       328256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      6732352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        68096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       454656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     15905216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst       351552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data     11261120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst       345152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data     18383360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst       125952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data      7253376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst       151680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data      6521088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          67924736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       328256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        12544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        68096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       454656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       351552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst       345152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst       125952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst       151680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      1837888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      5735040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        5735040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         5129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       105193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data          416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         7104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       248519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst         5493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data       175955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst         5393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data       287240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst         1968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data       113334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst         2370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data       101892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1061324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        89610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             89610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6104223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    125194286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       233267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        69028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1266308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data       495098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      8454747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    295772139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst      6537433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data    209410897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst      6418419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data    341855509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst      2342193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data    134883207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst      2820629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data    121265637                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1263123021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6104223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       233267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1266308                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      8454747                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst      6537433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst      6418419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst      2342193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst      2820629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        34177220                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      106648350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           106648350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      106648350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      6104223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    125194286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       233267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        69028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1266308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data       495098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      8454747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    295772139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst      6537433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data    209410897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst      6418419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data    341855509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst      2342193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data    134883207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst      2820629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data    121265637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1369771371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        37952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     29242816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        12608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       211456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        67840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     72005696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst       116736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data     50614400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst       113472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data     81236416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst        35136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data     29292096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst        41088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data     29975808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         293004800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        37952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        12608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        67840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       116736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst       113472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst        35136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst        41088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total       424832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks     10502272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       10502272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       456919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      1125089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst         1824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data       790850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst         1773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data      1269319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst          549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data       457689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst          642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data       468372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            4578200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks       164098                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            164098                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       705752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    543797094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        23803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       234457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      3932219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1261547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1339012230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst      2170813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data    941221381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst      2110116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data   1510665969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst       653386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data    544713501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst       764069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data    557427756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           5448694096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       705752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       234457                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1261547                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst      2170813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst      2110116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst       653386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst       764069                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total         7900142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      195299420                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           195299420                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      195299420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       705752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    543797094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        23803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       234457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      3932219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1261547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1339012230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst      2170813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data    941221381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst      2110116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data   1510665969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst       653386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data    544713501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst       764069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data    557427756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          5643993516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      93                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    557220                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     696     34.24%     34.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     54      2.66%     36.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     55      2.71%     39.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     61      3.00%     42.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1167     57.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2033                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      696     46.37%     46.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      54      3.60%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      55      3.66%     53.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      61      4.06%     57.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     635     42.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1501                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             53560466500     99.63%     99.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                4050000      0.01%     99.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2695000      0.01%     99.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                7686000      0.01%     99.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              185687000      0.35%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         53760584500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.544130                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.738318                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   28      0.18%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  100      0.64%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1619     10.36%     11.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    128      0.82%     11.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     244      1.56%     13.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  71      0.45%     14.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              13444     85.99%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 15634                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              342                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 92                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 92                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   92                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.269006                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.423963                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1007372936000     98.15%     98.15% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user         19006211500      1.85%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     100                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           762200                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          499.054233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            5667040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           762200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.435109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   499.054233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.974715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.902344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         13008242                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        13008242                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      4076222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4076222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1245511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1245511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        16982                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16982                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        16553                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16553                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      5321733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5321733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      5321733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5321733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       757247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       757247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          857                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          857                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       765302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        765302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       765302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       765302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4833469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4833469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1253566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1253566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        17499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        17410                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17410                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      6087035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6087035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      6087035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6087035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.156667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.006426                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006426                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.029545                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.029545                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.049225                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.049225                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.125727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.125727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        40969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            40969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             9229                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           37811611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          4097.043125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         77030649                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        77030649                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     38501481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38501481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     38501481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        38501481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     38501481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       38501481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          9229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         9229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     38510710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38510710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     38510710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     38510710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     38510710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     38510710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             9229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      70                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1026                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     240     26.34%     26.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     55      6.04%     32.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     15      1.65%     34.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    601     65.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 911                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      240     44.86%     44.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      55     10.28%     55.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      15      2.80%     57.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     225     42.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  535                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             54101288000     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2695000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2467500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               30604000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         54137054500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.374376                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.587267                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  771     80.65%     80.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    115     12.03%     92.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      70      7.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   956                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 70                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          454.351753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs               4057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.668803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   450.351753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.007812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.879593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.887406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            74478                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           74478                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        23400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          23400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           35509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          35509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          161                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           92                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           92                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        24091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        12270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        12270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          249                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          249                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        36361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        36361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.128514                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.128514                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.378601                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.378601                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.023432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.023432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              557                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             244800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           439.497307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    19.312966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   492.687034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.037721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.962279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           233789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          233789                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       116059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         116059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       116059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          116059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       116059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         116059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       116616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       116616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       116616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       116616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       116616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      61                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1960                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     430     33.88%     33.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     55      4.33%     38.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      9      0.71%     38.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    775     61.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1269                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      430     46.99%     46.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      55      6.01%     53.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       9      0.98%     53.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     421     46.01%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  915                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             53722069000     99.90%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2695000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1584000      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               48793500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         53775141500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.543226                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.721040                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        9     39.13%     39.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        5     21.74%     60.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        9     39.13%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    23                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   73      4.73%      4.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   24      1.56%      6.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1100     71.29%     77.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    119      7.71%     85.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     105      6.80%     92.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  32      2.07%     94.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 90      5.83%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  1543                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              129                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 41                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 41                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   41                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.317829                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.482353                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       53764816500     99.98%     99.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            10325000      0.02%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      24                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             6144                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          467.882318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             106315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             6144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            17.303874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   467.882318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.913833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           207489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          207489                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        49318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          49318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        42355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         42355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          655                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          655                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        91673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           91673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        91673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          91673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3246                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3246                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          294                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          294                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          235                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          235                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          6845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         6845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        52917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        45601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        45601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          902                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          902                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        98518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        98518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        98518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        98518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.071183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.325942                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.325942                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.264045                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.264045                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.069480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.069480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             3755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4900                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           10615403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          2166.408776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           614356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          614356                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       299828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         299828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       299828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          299828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       299828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         299828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       304728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       304728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       304728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       304728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       304728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       304728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.016080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.016080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.016080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      46                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                   1353648                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     788     34.88%     34.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     55      2.43%     37.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     79      3.50%     40.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   1337     59.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                2259                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      788     47.16%     47.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      55      3.29%     50.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      79      4.73%     55.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     749     44.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 1671                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             53927489000     99.61%     99.61% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2695000      0.00%     99.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                9075000      0.02%     99.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              197882500      0.37%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         54137141500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.560209                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.739708                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         2    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     2                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   83      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  178      0.60%      0.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1846      6.23%      7.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    114      0.39%      7.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     280      0.95%      8.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 144      0.49%      8.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%      8.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              26962     91.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 29609                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              458                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                233                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                233                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  233                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.508734                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.674385                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      981164685500     95.50%     95.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user         46276275500      4.50%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     178                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          1876418                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.197141                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           13050091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1876418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.954789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.004239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   510.192902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.996471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.884766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         31224204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        31224204                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      9796607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9796607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2902849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2902849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        45323                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        45323                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        44393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        44393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     12699456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        12699456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     12699456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       12699456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1861689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1861689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        19220                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        19220                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          648                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          648                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1522                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1522                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1880909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1880909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1880909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1880909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     11658296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11658296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2922069                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2922069                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        45971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        45971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        45915                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        45915                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     14580365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14580365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     14580365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14580365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.159688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.159688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.006578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.014096                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014096                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.033148                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.033148                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.129003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.129003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.129003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.129003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       103451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           103451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            13861                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           88174650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            13861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          6361.348388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     9.834811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   502.165189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.019209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.980791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        186197503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       186197503                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     93077960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       93077960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     93077960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        93077960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     93077960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       93077960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        13861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        13861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        13861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         13861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        13861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        13861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     93091821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     93091821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     93091821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     93091821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     93091821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     93091821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks        13861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total            13861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      87                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                    927912                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                     712     35.78%     35.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                     55      2.76%     38.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                     81      4.07%     42.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                   1142     57.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total                1990                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                      712     47.69%     47.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                      55      3.68%     51.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                      81      5.43%     56.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                     645     43.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                 1493                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0             53920137000     99.60%     99.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2695000      0.00%     99.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30               10206500      0.02%     99.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31              204180500      0.38%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total         54137219000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.564799                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.750251                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wripir                   37      0.23%      0.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                  162      1.02%      1.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      1.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1596     10.06%     11.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                    123      0.78%     12.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                     259      1.63%     13.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys                 120      0.76%     14.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     14.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdunique              13562     85.51%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                 15861                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel              421                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                169                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                169                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                  169                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.401425                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.572881                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      994911029500     96.86%     96.86% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user         32215840000      3.14%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                     162                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements          1317548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          504.584190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs            9211886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1317548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.991689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   504.584190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.985516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         21850470                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses        21850470                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data      6869994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6869994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data      1995808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1995808                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        38621                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        38621                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        37988                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        37988                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data      8865802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total         8865802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data      8865802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total        8865802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data      1306996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1306996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        13941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        13941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          614                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          614                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1185                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1185                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data      1320937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total       1320937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data      1320937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total      1320937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      8176990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8176990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      2009749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2009749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        39235                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        39235                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        39173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        39173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data     10186739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10186739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data     10186739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10186739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.159838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.159838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.006937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.015649                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015649                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.030250                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.030250                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.129672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.129672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.129672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.129672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        71726                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total            71726                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements            12696                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs           65183866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs            12696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs          5134.204946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses        129949534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses       129949534                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst     64955723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       64955723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst     64955723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total        64955723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst     64955723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total       64955723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        12696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        12696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        12696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total         12696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        12696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total        12696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst     64968419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     64968419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst     64968419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total     64968419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst     64968419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total     64968419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks        12696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total            12696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      28                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                   1544286                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                     942     32.75%     32.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                     55      1.91%     34.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                     61      2.12%     36.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                   1818     63.21%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total                2876                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                      942     47.74%     47.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                      55      2.79%     50.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                      61      3.09%     53.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                     915     46.38%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                 1973                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0             53874171500     99.51%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2695000      0.00%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                7175500      0.01%     99.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31              257058000      0.47%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total         54141100000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.503300                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.686022                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::1                         2    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::total                     2                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::wripir                  158      0.52%      0.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpctx                  169      0.56%      1.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2464      8.09%      9.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                    111      0.36%      9.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                     297      0.98%     10.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::callsys                 176      0.58%     11.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdunique              27069     88.91%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                 30444                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel              466                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                267                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                267                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                  267                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.572961                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.728513                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      974550410000     94.88%     94.88% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user         52535502000      5.12%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                     169                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements          2119095                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.347197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs           14765947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2119095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.968044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     0.061981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   511.285216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.998604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.923828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         35361939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses        35361939                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data     11123230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11123230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data      3258118                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3258118                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        56060                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        56060                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        54971                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        54971                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data     14381348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total        14381348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data     14381348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total       14381348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data      2101693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2101693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        22924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        22924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1816                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1816                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data      2124617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total       2124617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data      2124617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total      2124617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data     13224923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13224923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      3281042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3281042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        56857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        56857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        56787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        56787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data     16505965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16505965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data     16505965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16505965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.158919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.158919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.006987                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006987                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.014018                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014018                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.031979                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.031979                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.128718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.128718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.128718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.128718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       116145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total           116145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements            15310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs          102406057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs            15310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          6688.834553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst    35.652251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   476.347749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.069633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.930367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses        211521268                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses       211521268                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst    105737669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      105737669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst    105737669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total       105737669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst    105737669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total      105737669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        15310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        15310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        15310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total         15310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        15310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total        15310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst    105752979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    105752979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst    105752979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total    105752979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst    105752979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total    105752979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks        15310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total            15310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                      92                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                    562365                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                     512     34.20%     34.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                     55      3.67%     37.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                     59      3.94%     41.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                    871     58.18%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total                1497                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                      512     47.36%     47.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                      55      5.09%     52.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                      59      5.46%     57.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                     455     42.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                 1081                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0             53989318000     99.73%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2695000      0.00%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                7436500      0.01%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31              137819500      0.25%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total         54137269000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.522388                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.722111                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::wripir                   25      0.17%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpctx                   96      0.64%      0.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1201      8.00%      8.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                    120      0.80%      9.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                     182      1.21%     10.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::callsys                  67      0.45%     11.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdunique              13325     88.74%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                 15016                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel              278                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                 90                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                 90                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                   90                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.323741                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.489130                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1007636058000     98.14%     98.14% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user         19132786500      1.86%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                      96                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements           775112                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          492.704600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs            5602917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           775112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.228526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   492.704600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.962314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         12995702                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses        12995702                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data      4067462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4067462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data      1229670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1229670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        16521                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16521                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        16048                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16048                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data      5297132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total         5297132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data      5297132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total        5297132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       769372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       769372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         8889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          406                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          406                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          836                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          836                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data       778261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total        778261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data       778261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total       778261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      4836834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4836834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      1238559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1238559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        16927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        16884                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16884                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      6075393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6075393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      6075393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6075393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.159065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.159065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.007177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.023985                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023985                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.049514                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.049514                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.128101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.128101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.128101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.128101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        38937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total            38937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements             7805                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs           38638374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs          4950.464318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses         77282253                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses        77282253                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst     38629419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38629419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst     38629419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total        38629419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst     38629419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total       38629419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         7805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         7805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total          7805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         7805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total         7805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst     38637224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38637224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst     38637224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total     38637224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst     38637224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total     38637224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total             7805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                      95                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                    560125                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                     534     34.01%     34.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                     55      3.50%     37.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                     73      4.65%     42.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                    908     57.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total                1570                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                      534     46.48%     46.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                      55      4.79%     51.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                      73      6.35%     57.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                     487     42.38%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                 1149                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0             53986571500     99.72%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2695000      0.00%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                8122500      0.02%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31              139967500      0.26%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total         54137356500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.536344                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.731847                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::wripir                   19      0.12%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpctx                   98      0.64%      0.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1271      8.34%      9.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                    121      0.79%      9.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                     183      1.20%     11.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::callsys                  67      0.44%     11.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdunique              13472     88.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                 15231                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel              281                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                 88                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                 88                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                   88                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.313167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.476965                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1007637037500     98.14%     98.14% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user         19087836000      1.86%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                      98                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements           765558                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.145310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs            5579065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           765558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.287580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data     1.418644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   494.726666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.002771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.966263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         12970709                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses        12970709                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data      4066106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4066106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data      1233712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1233712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        16397                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16397                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        15950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data      5299818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total         5299818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data      5299818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total        5299818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       760473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       760473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         7664                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7664                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          417                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          417                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data       768137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total        768137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data       768137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total       768137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      4826579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4826579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      1241376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1241376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        16814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        16783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      6067955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6067955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      6067955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6067955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.157559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.157559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.006174                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006174                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.024801                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024801                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.049634                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.049634                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.126589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.126589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.126589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.126589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        36825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total            36825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements             7936                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse          509.403450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs           28168995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs          3549.520539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst    53.009672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   456.393778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.103535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.891394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses         77114621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses        77114621                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst     38545402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       38545402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst     38545402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total        38545402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst     38545402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total       38545402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         7939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         7939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total          7939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         7939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total         7939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst     38553341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38553341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst     38553341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total     38553341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst     38553341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total     38553341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7936                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total             7936                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  330                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 330                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1506                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1506                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    3672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        10720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          595                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          279                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        11594                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    11594                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1549892                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       774879                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         7311                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1050953                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1035374                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        15579                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 330                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             768603                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        41046                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5593                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           718651                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            949                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2526                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6639                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6639                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           9786                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        758487                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        23748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      2294109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                2321694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       929216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     51543130                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        55040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        54896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                52582282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         14927730                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          16474204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.065621                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.251408                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                15408730     93.53%     93.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 1049895      6.37%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   15579      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            16474204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3810537                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1905472                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        29071                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2948697                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      2903148                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        45549                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            1884991                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                353                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               353                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       107206                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        11037                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1754261                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2125                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1757                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3882                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             20341                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            20341                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          18761                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1866230                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        13697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        20832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        34862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      5622247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                5691638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       563008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       681032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1344064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    126923520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               129511624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         16170340                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          19975601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.152819                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.366096                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                16968495     84.95%     84.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 2961557     14.83%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   45549      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            19975601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests       6942621                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3472138                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       389168                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         5288616                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      5204382                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        84234                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp            3438106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                445                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               445                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       187871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean        12560                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2876865                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4068                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           3001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7069                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             32797                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            32797                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          28006                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       3410100                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        30595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      3813831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        37977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      6151727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total               10034130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1145536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     89083104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1450688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    143289608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total               234968936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                         16243602                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples          23179759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.265387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.449694                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                17112387     73.82%     73.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                 5983138     25.81%     99.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                   84234      0.36%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total            23179759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3121045                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1560917                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       185250                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          598248                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       541153                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        57095                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp            1546412                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                274                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               274                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        75762                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7213                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1288710                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2322                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1669                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3991                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             14231                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            14231                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          15744                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1530668                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        19233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      2244933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        19468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      2217867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                4501501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       731392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     52239896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       737856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     51484600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total               105193744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                         10957246                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples          14072418                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.072934                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.275189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                13103155     93.11%     93.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                  912168      6.48%     99.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                   57095      0.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total            14072418                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements              570888                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            4015.030370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                903893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              570888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.583311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   409.697843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.284809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.570248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.568548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.569654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   165.157342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  2968.548510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   200.010672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   269.622746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.100024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.040322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.724743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.048831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.065826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.980232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978027                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            12921676                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           12921676                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        41046                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41046                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5593                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         5593                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5361                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            5364                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3505                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          361                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3866                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       193745                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          320                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       194065                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       199106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total             203295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       199106                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total            203295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1465                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1575                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          851                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          926                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1225                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5724                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          196                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         5920                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       563848                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          321                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       564169                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       565073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total           571357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         5724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       565073                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total          571357                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        41046                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41046                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5593                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5593                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1465                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1575                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          851                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          926                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6586                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6632                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9229                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          557                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         9786                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       757593                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          641                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       758234                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       764179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total         774652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       764179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total        774652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.186001                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.934783                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.191194                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.620219                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.351885                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.604946                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.744262                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.500780                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.744057                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.620219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.739451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.351885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.529840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.737566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.620219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.739451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.351885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.529840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.737566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks          20774                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total               20774                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             1394692                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4085.040226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               4425028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             1394692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                3.172764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    35.990085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.470303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.108089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    35.965943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  4006.505806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.008787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.001003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.008781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.978151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.997324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4064                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2827                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          837                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            31671170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           31671170                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       107206                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       107206                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        11037                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        11037                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          184                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        14472                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           14656                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3610                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4858                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         8468                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2312                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       484704                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       487016                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       499176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             510140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3610                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2496                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4858                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       499176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            510140                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          235                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1809                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2044                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          203                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1485                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1688                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2783                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2872                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          5655                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1290                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9003                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        10293                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1475                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1377323                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1378798                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1380195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          1394746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1380195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         1394746                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       107206                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       107206                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        11037                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        11037                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          237                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1809                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2046                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          205                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1486                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1691                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2967                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        17344                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        20311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4900                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        13861                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        18761                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3787                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1862027                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1865814                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        13861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1879371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        1904886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        13861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1879371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       1904886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991561                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999022                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990244                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999327                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998226                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.937984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.165590                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.278421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.263265                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.649520                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.548638                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.389490                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.739690                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.738979                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.263265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.630441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.649520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.734392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.732194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.263265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.630441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.649520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.734392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.732194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          59706                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               59706                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements             2553358                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            4090.986544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs               3908713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs             2553358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                1.530813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    33.233256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.018363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     0.032000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst     0.001856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     0.006391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst    12.808888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data  1307.298261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst    11.521758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data  2726.065771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.008114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.003127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.319165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.002813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.665543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.998776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968506                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses            55010348                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses           55010348                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       187871                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       187871                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        12560                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total        12560                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             54                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           60                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         9933                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        16304                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total           26237                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         5022                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         7870                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        12892                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       338816                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data       542677                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       881493                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         5022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data       348749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         7870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data       558981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total             920622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         5022                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data       348749                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         7870                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data       558981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total            920622                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1014                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2233                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3247                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1587                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2586                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2530                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         3883                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          6413                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         7674                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         7440                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        15114                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       967904                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data      1558547                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2526451                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         7674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data       970434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         7440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data      1562430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total          2547978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         7674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data       970434                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         7440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data      1562430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total         2547978                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       187871                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       187871                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        12560                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        12560                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1030                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2271                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3301                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1028                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1618                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2646                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        12463                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        20187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        32650                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        12696                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        15310                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        28006                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      1306720                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      2101224                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3407944                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        12696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      1319183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        15310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      2121411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total        3468600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        12696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      1319183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        15310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      2121411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total       3468600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.984466                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.983267                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.983641                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.971790                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.980841                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977324                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.203001                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.192352                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.196417                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.604442                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.485957                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.539670                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.740713                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.741733                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.741342                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.604442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.735633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.485957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.736505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.734584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.604442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.735633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.485957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.736505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.734584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks         122618                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total              122618                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements             1153620                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3987.974763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs               1734750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs             1153620                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.503745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle        3259822896500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   418.036249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst     0.568151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data     1.706357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst     0.283770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   132.857202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data  1580.435718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   167.954880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data  1686.132437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.102060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.000139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.000417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.032436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.385849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.041005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.411653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.973627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3992                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses            24657658                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses           24657658                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        75762                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        75762                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7213                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         7213                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::total             13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         6327                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         5481                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total           11808                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         5055                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         4763                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         9818                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data       196616                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data       189096                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       385712                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         5055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data       202943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         4763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data       194577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total             407338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         5055                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data       202943                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         4763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data       194577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total            407338                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         1314                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          898                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2212                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          777                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          735                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1512                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         1160                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         1189                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total          2349                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         2750                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         3176                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         5926                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       572884                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       571519                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1144403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         2750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data       574044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         3176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data       572708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total          1152678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         2750                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data       574044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         3176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data       572708                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total         1152678                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        75762                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        75762                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7213                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7213                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1321                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          904                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2225                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          795                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          744                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1539                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         7487                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         6670                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        14157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         7805                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         7939                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        15744                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       769500                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       760615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1530115                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         7805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       776987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         7939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       767285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total        1560016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         7805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       776987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         7939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       767285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total       1560016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.994701                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.993363                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994157                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.977358                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.987903                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.982456                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.154935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.178261                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.165925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.352338                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.400050                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.376397                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.744489                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.751391                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.747920                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.352338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.738808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.400050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.746408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.738889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.352338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.738808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.400050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.746408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.738889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks          51228                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total               51228                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           1522083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       103159                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1341692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          4125                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           6119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2905                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1521753                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       326846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1376666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1705040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2806340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      2808484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               4513524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      7653440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     30242176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3018                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     37898634                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     66257344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     66265920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              104164554                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        12493811                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         15489048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.806447                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.395083                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                2997956     19.36%     19.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               12491092     80.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           15489048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           1389091                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        59706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1319688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5593                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1389091                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      4177231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      4177231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               4177231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     93083784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     93083784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               93083784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                        14777983                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         17548419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.841672                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.365048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                2778400     15.83%     15.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2               14770019     84.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           17548419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           2541565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       122618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2401501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            4098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          2941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           5917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6476                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2541565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side      7633900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total      7633900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total               7633900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side    170916328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total    170916328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total              170916328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                        13692145                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples         18762979                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.729273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.444335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                5079644     27.07%     27.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2               13683335     72.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total           18762979                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp           4792275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       186215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3834312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            6631                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          4349                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           7384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            14133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           13558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4792275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      2612130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       672157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total      3284287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     10367393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total     10367393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total              13651680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     61332352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side     15719248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total     77051600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port    242441664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total    242441664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total              319493264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                         2967369                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples         12098133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.244944                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.430054                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                9134772     75.51%     75.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                2963361     24.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total           12098133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       470650                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.829366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       470650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.630301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.728250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     8.396025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.074791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.289394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.045516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.524752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.004674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.864335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      7803468                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      7803468                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13549                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13549                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           42                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           42                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          906                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          908                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          383                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          387                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          833                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          837                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          595                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       457487                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       458106                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       458320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total       458943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          595                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       458320                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total       458943                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13549                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13549                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          906                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          383                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          387                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          833                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          837                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          595                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       457529                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       458148                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       458362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total       458985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       458362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total       458985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        13516                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        13516                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements      1445576                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.970714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         2402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs      1445576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.001662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.679334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.007575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.967959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    14.292910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.042458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.060497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.893307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses     23677275                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses     23677275                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        59706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        59706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           91                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           91                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          246                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1860                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2106                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          203                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1485                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1688                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2814                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         5586                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1290                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1475                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9003                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1377239                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1389007                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1380053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total      1394593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1290                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4247                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9003                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1380053                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total      1394593                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        59706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        59706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          246                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1860                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2106                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          203                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1485                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1688                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2772                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5593                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1290                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1475                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9003                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1377323                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1389091                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1380144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total      1394684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         9003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1380144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total      1394684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997519                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998748                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999939                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999940                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        59619                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        59619                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements      2660058                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.983830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs         3448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs      2660058                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.001296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.713166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.028822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     4.707717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.053278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data    10.480848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.044573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.001801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.294232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.655053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses     43293824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses     43293824                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       122618                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       122618                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           38                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           88                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          126                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data           39                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data           89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data           39                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data           89                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total          128                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1020                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2311                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3331                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1587                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2586                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2523                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         3804                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         6327                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         7674                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       967866                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         7440                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data      1558459                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2541439                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         7674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data       970389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         7440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data      1562263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total      2547766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         7674                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data       970389                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         7440                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data      1562263                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total      2547766                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       122618                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       122618                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1020                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2311                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3331                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1587                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2586                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2524                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         3805                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6329                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         7674                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       967904                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         7440                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      1558547                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2541565                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         7674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       970428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         7440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      1562352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total      2547894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         7674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       970428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         7440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      1562352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total      2547894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999604                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999737                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999950                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks       122493                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total       122493                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements       243529                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    12.855028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs         1286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs       243529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.005281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.037812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.741927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     4.631624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     2.139729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     4.303936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.064863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.046370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.289476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.133733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.268996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.803439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses      3812589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses      3812589                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          118                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          118                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data          118                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total          118                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          916                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          434                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1350                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          375                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          378                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          753                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          188                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          198                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total          386                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         2201                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       115060                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         2534                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       103163                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       222958                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         2201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data       115248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data       103361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total       223344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         2201                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data       115248                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         2534                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data       103361                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total       223344                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          916                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          434                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1350                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          375                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          378                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          188                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         2201                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       115178                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         2534                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       103163                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       223076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         2201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       115366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       103361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total       223462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         2201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       115366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         2534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       103361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total       223462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998975                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999471                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks        21997                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total        21997                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements      1032605                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.996176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         6671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs      1032605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.006460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.293180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.011746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.004699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.040848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.426528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.028296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     2.477970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.032575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     5.521510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.007706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     1.128699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.009700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     1.012720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.080824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.002553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.276658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.001768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.154873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.002036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.345094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.070544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.063295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses     15928903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses     15928903                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        82513                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        82513                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          832                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          357                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          580                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          273                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          551                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          233                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          667                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          164                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          327                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5325                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data          580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data          551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data          667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         5325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           29                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          832                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1282                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          357                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data          580                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          273                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data          551                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          233                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data          667                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          164                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data          327                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         5325                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          131                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          313                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          307                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          362                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          628                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          238                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1979                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           82                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          389                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          264                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          449                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          237                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          205                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1626                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          514                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          123                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1223                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1064                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          434                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       248877                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         5493                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       175909                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         5393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       287377                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1968                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       113585                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         2370                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       102090                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       951664                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data          471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       249044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         5493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data       176423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         5393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data       287641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data       113703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         2370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data       102213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       952887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1064                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data          471                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7104                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       249044                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         5493                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data       176423                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         5393                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data       287641                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1968                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data       113703                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         2370                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data       102213                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       952887                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        82513                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        82513                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          131                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          313                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          307                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          363                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          628                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          238                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1980                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           82                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          392                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          264                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          449                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          237                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1630                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          514                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1223                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1093                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          464                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         7936                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       250159                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         5850                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       176489                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         5666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       287928                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         2201                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       114252                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         2534                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       102417                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       956989                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         7936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       250326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         5850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       177003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         5666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       288192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         2201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       114370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       102540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       958212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         7936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       250326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         5850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       177003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         5666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       288192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         2201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       114370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         2534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       102540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       958212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.997245                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999495                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992347                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.995146                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997546                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.973468                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.935345                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.895161                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994875                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.938974                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.996714                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.951818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998086                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.894139                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.994162                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.935280                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.996807                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994436                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.973468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.940120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.895161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.938974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.996723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.951818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.894139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.994168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.935280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.996811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.973468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.940120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.895161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.938974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.996723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.951818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.894139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.994168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.935280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.996811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        82385                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        82385                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements      3775723                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.993707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs         2001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs      3775723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.586914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.368572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.006672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.006382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.955611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.007403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     2.946625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.013133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     6.099001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.036682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.085536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.309726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.184164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.381188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses     58438292                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses     58438292                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       135112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total       135112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          130                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          330                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          151                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          239                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          864                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data          239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total          875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          130                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          341                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data          151                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data          239                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total          875                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          534                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          370                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          243                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          633                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1828                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          272                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          513                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          418                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          607                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1823                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          784                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2702                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2491                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         3403                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total        11218                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          593                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       456478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          197                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          692                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1060                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1123177                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1824                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       789311                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data      1266825                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3641946                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       457262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1125668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data       791145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data      1270228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total      3653164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          593                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       457262                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          197                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3394                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1060                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1125668                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1824                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data       791145                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1773                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data      1270228                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total      3653164                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       135112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       135112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          534                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          371                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          243                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          635                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1831                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          272                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          514                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          418                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          607                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1824                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          784                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2702                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2502                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1834                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         3403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        11229                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          595                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       456608                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          197                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          696                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1067                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1123507                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1824                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       789462                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1774                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      1267064                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3642810                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       457392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1126009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       791296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      1270467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total      3654039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       457392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1126009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       791296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      1270467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total      3654039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997305                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.996850                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998362                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998054                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999452                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995604                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999020                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.996639                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999715                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994253                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.993440                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999809                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.999436                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999811                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999763                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.996639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.993440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.999436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.996639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.993440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.999436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks       134987                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total       134987                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits             4725418                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses            535440                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses         5158865                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits            1271143                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses             5946                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses        1220850                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits             5996561                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses            541386                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses         6379715                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits           38048272                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               30                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses       38048302                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               107521245                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts           37969324                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps             37969324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses     27934384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses       8299620                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             587478                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts      2356364                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts            27934384                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts              8299620                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads     43832794                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes     21644636                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads     10624501                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes      7936768                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs              6664271                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts            5386738                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts           1277533                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      69021060.894434                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      38500184.105566                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.358070                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.641930                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                  3367320                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass      3002301      7.80%      7.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu         15061445     39.11%     46.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            1334      0.00%     46.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd        5748837     14.93%     61.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp         145282      0.38%     62.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        1735694      4.51%     66.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult        187273      0.49%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv          29348      0.08%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead         5882492     15.27%     82.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite        1277716      3.32%     85.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       5438988     14.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total          38510710                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               24340                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              12588                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               36928                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              12924                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          12924                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               108274179                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             116616                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               116616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       112291                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               4476                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        10313                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              112291                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       155962                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        88326                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                36998                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24340                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             12658                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      108156848.757741                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      117330.242259                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.001084                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.998916                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    16886                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass          608      0.52%      0.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            73799     63.28%     63.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             413      0.35%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           24864     21.32%     85.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          12658     10.85%     96.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          4274      3.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            116616                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               53435                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               196                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses            2557                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              46532                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               49                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses           2200                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits               99967                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               245                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses            4757                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits              39462                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              108                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses          39570                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               107550529                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             304483                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               304483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       290128                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses           986                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               8634                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        39014                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              290128                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                  986                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       395730                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       201759                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads          462                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes          476                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               100805                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              54015                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             46790                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      107245753.825145                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      304775.174855                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.002834                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.997166                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    51380                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         6119      2.01%      2.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           185064     60.73%     62.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             552      0.18%     62.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd             76      0.02%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           56585     18.57%     81.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          46927     15.40%     96.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          9405      3.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            304728                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits            11418983                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses           1309190                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses        12614222                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits            2967743                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses            14652                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses        2916135                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits            14386726                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses           1323842                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses        15530357                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits           92591889                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               64                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses       92591953                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               108274329                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts           91767979                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps             91767979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses     67232446                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses      20410908                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            1366251                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts      5647269                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts            67232446                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts             20410908                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    106013960                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes     52103135                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads     26171313                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes     19548149                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs             15996602                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts           13013457                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts           2983145                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      14555941.806059                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      93718387.193941                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.865564                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.134436                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                  8028145                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass      7263563      7.80%      7.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu         36046283     38.72%     46.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            2144      0.00%     46.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       14096951     15.14%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp         349528      0.38%     62.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt        4248945      4.56%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult        525196      0.56%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv          70446      0.08%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead        14225711     15.28%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite        2983380      3.20%     85.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess      13279674     14.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total          93091821                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits             8028483                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses            902231                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses         8821099                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits            2048702                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses             9601                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses        1994107                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits            10077185                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses            911832                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses        10815206                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits           64467351                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses               84                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses       64467435                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles               108274525                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts           64056587                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps             64056587                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses     46853745                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses      14400983                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls             939315                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts      3926091                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts            46853745                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts             14400983                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads     74295617                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes     36310523                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads     18498023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes     13810332                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs             11177417                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts            9118456                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts           2058961                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      42868725.164042                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      65405799.835958                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.604074                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.395926                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                  5565776                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass      5026708      7.74%      7.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu         25169207     38.74%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult            3453      0.01%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd        9898316     15.24%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp         241614      0.37%     62.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt        2973376      4.58%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult        429226      0.66%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv          48412      0.07%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead         9974369     15.35%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite        2059101      3.17%     85.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess       9144637     14.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total          64968419                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits            12941774                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses           1497556                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses        14297213                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits            3337629                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses            16119                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses        3265426                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits            16279403                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses           1513675                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses        17562639                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits          105116131                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses               52                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses      105116183                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles               108282288                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts          104239304                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps            104239304                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses     76347871                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses      23188686                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls            1531756                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts      6417570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts            76347871                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts             23188686                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads    120460714                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes     59185045                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads     29745759                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes     22213949                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs             18133864                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts           14779336                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts           3354528                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      1809695.732917                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      106472592.267083                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.983287                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.016713                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                  9089737                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass      8288747      7.84%      7.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu         40882064     38.66%     46.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult            4469      0.00%     46.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd       15971222     15.10%     61.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp         394554      0.37%     61.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt        4803879      4.54%     66.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult        638254      0.60%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv          78929      0.07%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead        16155092     15.28%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite        3355131      3.17%     85.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess      15180638     14.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total         105752979                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits             4726902                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses            541208                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses         5191171                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits            1255352                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses             5998                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses        1219534                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits             5982254                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses            547206                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses         6410705                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits           38291759                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses               29                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses       38291788                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles               108274630                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts           38090018                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps             38090018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses     27983004                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses       8365866                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls             577218                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts      2360818                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts            27983004                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts              8365866                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads     43946530                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes     21686092                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads     10708273                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes      8003582                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs              6656746                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts            5394969                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts           1261777                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      69377316.122690                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      38897313.877310                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.359247                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.640753                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                  3362555                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass      3021313      7.82%      7.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu         15052588     38.96%     46.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult            1144      0.00%     46.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd        5797808     15.01%     61.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp         145086      0.38%     62.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt        1751840      4.53%     66.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult        188616      0.49%     67.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv          29289      0.08%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead         5893362     15.25%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite        1261840      3.27%     85.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess       5494338     14.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total          38637224                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits             4716841                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses            538764                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses         5179139                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits            1258056                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses             5987                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses        1221127                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits             5974897                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses            544751                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses         6400266                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits           38202615                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses               27                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses       38202642                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles               108274808                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts           38008590                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps             38008590                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses     27928230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses       8343575                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls             578554                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts      2354770                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts            27928230                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts              8343575                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads     43860044                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes     21642248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads     10679906                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes      7980550                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs              6646629                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts            5382157                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts           1264472                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      69461883.152765                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      38812924.847235                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.358467                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.641533                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                  3357424                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass      3014013      7.82%      7.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu         15034673     39.00%     46.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult            1142      0.00%     46.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd        5781142     15.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp         145336      0.38%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt        1746394      4.53%     66.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult        187788      0.49%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv          29354      0.08%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead         5878712     15.25%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite        1264545      3.28%     85.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess       5470242     14.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total          38553341                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        4611510                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           1072                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          1072                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       217625                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      3855799                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         8595                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5888                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        13109                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         13373                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        13136                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4611510                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      1310667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      1310667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       768329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      3251208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      4019537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      1416358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      5945160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total      7361518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       660967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       660967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           13352689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     30237376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     30237376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     17810696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     75261696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     93072392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     33513960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    137386176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total    170900136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     15704016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total     15704016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           309913920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      6887945                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      16102664                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.427424                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.494705                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3             9219998     57.26%     57.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4             6882666     42.74%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        16102664                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.083204                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 83203752500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3381496747500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               15962628                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 15962626                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              502470998                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1320812                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   165.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2643237506                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2643237506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         4544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       270848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     32580672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        42432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        75968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst       117504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       277952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data         2112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst         2880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          33388352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       270848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        42432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       117504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst         2880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       455808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         455808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       509073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst         1836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         4343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             521693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         7122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              7122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       106149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        54613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data          769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3255238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    391576954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       509977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       913036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst      1412244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data      3340619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst        18461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data        25383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst         9230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data         4615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst        34614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        19230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            401284209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       106149                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3255238                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       509977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst      1412244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst        18461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         9230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst        34614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         5348990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        5478214                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             5478214                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        5478214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       106149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        54613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         3077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data          769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      3255238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    391576954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       509977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       913036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst      1412244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data      3340619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst        18461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data        25383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst         9230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data         4615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst        34614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        19230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           406762423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        58560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    258796736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        17984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       333376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data         2112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data         2176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        73728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         259291968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        58560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        63168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks     72336512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       72336512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      4043699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         5209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide         1152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            4051437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks      1130258                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           1130258                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data         7692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data         1538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       703814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   3110397407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        10769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       216144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst        44613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data      4006742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data        25383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data        26153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        23076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide         886114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           3116349446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       703814                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        10769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst        44613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total          759197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      869390019                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           869390019                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      869390019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data         7692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data         1538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       703814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   3110397407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        10769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       216144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst        44613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data      4006742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data        25383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data        26153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        23076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide        886114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          3985739465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      89                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2547                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     719     30.29%     30.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    121      5.10%     35.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      3.58%     38.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     39.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1448     60.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2374                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      719     43.73%     43.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     121      7.36%     51.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      85      5.17%     56.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.06%     56.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     718     43.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1644                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             82882136500     99.84%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                9075000      0.01%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              118741500      0.14%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83014282500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.495856                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.692502                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1960     83.76%     83.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    173      7.39%     91.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     207      8.85%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  2340                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              207                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              791                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          476.824877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             118340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            99.949324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   476.824877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.931299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.931299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           228167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          228167                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        71253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          71253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        38696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1295                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1295                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       109949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          109949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       109949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         109949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          214                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          105                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          105                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           44                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           44                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        72035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        72035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        38910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1400                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1400                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1266                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1266                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       110945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       110945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       110945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       110945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.010856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005500                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005500                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.075000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.075000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.034755                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.034755                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              952                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            2545814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1464                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1738.943989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           697964                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          697964                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       347554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         347554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       347554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          347554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       347554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         347554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       348506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       348506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       348506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       348506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       348506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       348506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      86                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1493                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     341     25.77%     25.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      6.42%     32.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.08%     32.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    896     67.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                1323                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      341     44.46%     44.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      85     11.08%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.13%     55.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     340     44.33%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  767                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             82965853000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               44154000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83014336500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.379464                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.579743                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1151     81.81%     81.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    170     12.08%     93.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      86      6.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1407                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 86                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              643                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          449.090221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             365173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1090                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           335.021101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   445.090221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.007812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.869317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.877129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           100327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          100327                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        31641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        16626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          244                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          244                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        48267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           48267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        48267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          48267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        32493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        16691                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16691                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          263                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          263                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          263                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          263                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        49184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        49184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        49184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        49184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.026221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.003894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.072243                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.072243                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068441                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.068441                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.018644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              593                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            1115778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1009.753846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst           19                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.037109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.962891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           305269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          305269                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       151745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         151745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       151745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          151745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       151745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         151745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          593                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          593                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       152338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       152338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       152338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       152338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       152338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       152338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   3086079                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    6210     47.09%     47.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.01%     47.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      0.64%     47.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     47.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   6891     52.25%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               13188                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     6210     49.66%     49.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.01%     49.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      85      0.68%     50.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     50.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    6209     49.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                12506                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             81688246000     98.42%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                  71500      0.00%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     98.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     98.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1307184500      1.57%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         82999831500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.901030                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.948286                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      9.09%      9.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      9.09%     18.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         5     45.45%     63.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      9.09%     72.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      9.09%     81.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      9.09%     90.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      9.09%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    11                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   41      0.31%      0.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.01%      0.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                12971     96.89%     97.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    175      1.31%     98.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     98.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     130      0.97%     99.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  20      0.15%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.04%     99.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 41      0.31%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 13387                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              172                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                126                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                127                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  126                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.738372                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.848993                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2050282000      2.47%      2.47% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         80880462500     97.53%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      41                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          5555939                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           30739128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5556443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.532159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.971179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         78112979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        78112979                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     18556909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18556909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     10004492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10004492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       986300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       986300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1173329                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1173329                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     28561401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28561401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     28561401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28561401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5322737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5322737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        47383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        47383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       187162                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       187162                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          121                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          121                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5370120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       5370120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5370120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      5370120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     23879646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23879646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10051875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10051875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1173462                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1173462                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1173450                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1173450                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     33931521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     33931521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     33931521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     33931521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.222898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.222898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.004714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.159496                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159496                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.158263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.158263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.158263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.158263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1173448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          1173448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             7823                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          165928605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             8335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         19907.451110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        331712372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       331712372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    165844444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      165844444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    165844444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       165844444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    165844444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      165844444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          7828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         7828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    165852272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    165852272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    165852272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    165852272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    165852272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    165852272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             7823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      87                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      2253                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     442     29.49%     29.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      5.67%     35.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.13%     35.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    970     64.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                1499                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      442     45.61%     45.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      85      8.77%     54.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.21%     54.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     440     45.41%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  969                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             82959829000     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 330500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               50064000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83014388500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.453608                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.646431                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58      3.50%      3.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.24%      3.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1258     75.97%     79.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    171     10.33%     90.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     154      9.30%     99.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.54%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  1656                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              212                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.316038                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.480287                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       82991555000     99.99%     99.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          462.541424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              70823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2664                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.585210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   462.541424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.903401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.903401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           158615                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          158615                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        47497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          47497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        26529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         26529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          705                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        74026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           74026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        74026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          74026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          690                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          690                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           49                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           49                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        49337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        49337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        27219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        76556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        76556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        76556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        76556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.025350                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025350                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.064987                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.064987                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.065684                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065684                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.033048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.033048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1618                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            6113575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          2870.223005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     6.996974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   505.003026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.013666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.986334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           502398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          502398                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       248772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         248772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       248772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          248772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       248772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         248772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       250390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       250390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       250390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       250390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       250390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       250390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.006462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.006462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.006462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      85                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                      2664                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                     590     33.13%     33.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      4.77%     37.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.06%     37.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                   1105     62.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total                1781                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                      588     46.63%     46.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                      85      6.74%     53.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.08%     53.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                     587     46.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                 1261                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0             83160529000     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31               53255000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83218061000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996610                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.531222                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.708029                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wripir                    7      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      2.73%      3.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1510     77.67%     80.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                    171      8.80%     89.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.05%     89.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                     185      9.52%     99.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.77%     99.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                  1944                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel              237                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.405063                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.577844                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       83154362000     99.91%     99.91% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      0.09%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements            12628                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          455.170635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs             206777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            15.736454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   455.170635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.889005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           434796                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          434796                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       101339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         101339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        93577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         93577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1432                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1432                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data       194916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total          194916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data       194916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total         194916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         5924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          116                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          116                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        12906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total         12906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        12906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total        12906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       107263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       107263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       100559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1565                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1548                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1548                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       207822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       207822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.055229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.069432                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.069432                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.100958                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.100958                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.074935                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.074935                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.062101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.062101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8016                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             8016                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             4853                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs            1336664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs           249.145200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   511.999634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1133853                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses         1133853                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       559644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         559644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       559644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          559644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       559644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         559644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         4855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         4855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          4855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         4855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         4855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       564499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       564499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       564499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       564499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       564499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       564499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.008601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.008601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.008601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4853                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total             4853                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      86                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                      1477                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                     352     26.93%     26.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      6.50%     33.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.08%     33.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                    869     66.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total                1307                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                      352     44.61%     44.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                      85     10.77%     55.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.13%     55.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                     351     44.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                  789                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0             82961831500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31               44257500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83010418500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.403913                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.603673                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1135     81.60%     81.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                    170     12.22%     93.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                      86      6.18%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                  1391                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel               86                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          461.000889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              44063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            67.477795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   461.000889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.900392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            80000                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           80000                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        25053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          25053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        13716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          240                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          240                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data        38769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           38769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data        38769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          38769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           36                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           36                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        25431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        13795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          276                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          276                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        39226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        39226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        39226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        39226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.014864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.005727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.048780                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.048780                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.130435                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.130435                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.011650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.011650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           28                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               28                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs            4455811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          4973.003348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst    22.041651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   489.958349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.043050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.956950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           227648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          227648                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       113248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         113248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       113248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          113248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       113248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         113248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       113632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       113632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       113632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       113632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       113632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks          384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total              384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                      86                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                      1497                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                     347     26.15%     26.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      6.41%     32.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.08%     32.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                    894     67.37%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total                1327                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                      347     44.54%     44.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                      85     10.91%     55.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.13%     55.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                     346     44.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                  779                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0             82965653500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31               44309000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83014292000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.387025                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.587038                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1155     81.86%     81.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                    170     12.05%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                      86      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                  1411                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel               86                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              608                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          452.510467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs              53085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.893401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   452.510467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.883810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.883810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.736328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            96139                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses           96139                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        30242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        15947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          238                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          238                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data        46189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           46189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data        46189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          46189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           32                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           32                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        31029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        16055                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16055                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          270                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          270                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        47084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        47084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.025363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.006727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.078292                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.078292                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.118519                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.118519                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.019009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.019009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total               73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              637                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs            1113859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs           969.416014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           288697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          288697                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       143393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         143393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       143393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total          143393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       143393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total         143393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       144030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       144030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       144030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total       144030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       144030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total       144030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.004423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.004423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.004423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks          637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total              637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                      86                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                      1471                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                     348     26.75%     26.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                     85      6.53%     33.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.15%     33.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                    866     66.56%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total                1301                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                      348     44.44%     44.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                      85     10.86%     55.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.26%     55.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                     348     44.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                  783                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0             82966091000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22                4165000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 195000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31               43841000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total         83014292000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.401848                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.601845                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1129     81.52%     81.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                    170     12.27%     93.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                      86      6.21%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                  1385                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel               86                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              242                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          466.955822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              42479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            67.641720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   466.955822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.912023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.912023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.753906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            79168                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           79168                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        24754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          24754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        13673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          272                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          272                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          241                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          241                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data        38427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           38427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data        38427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          38427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data          417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        25096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        13748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        38844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        38844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        38844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        38844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.013628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.005455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.032028                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.032028                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.110701                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.110701                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.010735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.010735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           22                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               22                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              351                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs           11506773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs         13364.428571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst    31.083303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   478.916697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.060710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.935384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses           225435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses          225435                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       112191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         112191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       112191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total          112191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       112191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total         112191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       112542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       112542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total       112542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       112542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total       112542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks          351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total              351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   9                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    73728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          9                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  739                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 739                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2357                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2357                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         2310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         2310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1331                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          611                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         8545                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        73752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        73752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    82297                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1155                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                10395                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               10395                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                3                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1152                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1152                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6623                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3345                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1506                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           30394                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        26006                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         4388                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 726                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               4029                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                659                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               659                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          330                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean          797                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict              504                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              185                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             62                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq                94                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp               94                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1545                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1758                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         5436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  11689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        92224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        79115                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        57664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        64816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  293819                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         14259504                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          14267068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.002657                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.057144                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                14233543     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   29137      0.20%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    4388      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            14267068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      11137071                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5569189                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       121568                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         8955280                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      8926637                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        28643                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            5521244                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1174359                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7416                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4264380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1245                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1415                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             46828                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            46828                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           9446                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       5511788                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        21964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     16551701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         7510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               16585519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       904704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    430692654                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       174464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       219200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               431991022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         15902674                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          27039534                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.341250                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.476359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                17840944     65.98%     65.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 9169935     33.91%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   28655      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            27039534                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         37072                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18154                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1658                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           63267                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        50984                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        12283                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              11713                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8044                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4300                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              187                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            152                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             339                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6874                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6874                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5239                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6474                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        13628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        38632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         1022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         1444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  54726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       561472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1341032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        40832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        29488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 1972824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                         14796473                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples          14833324                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.005294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.083202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                14767072     99.55%     99.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   53969      0.36%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                   12283      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total            14833324                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests          4231                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         2111                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          878                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           44020                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        33059                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        10961                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp               2148                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           95                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean          445                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict              443                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               98                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             62                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             160                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq                85                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp               85                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            988                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1160                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         1511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         2385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         1307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                   6113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        55936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        60976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        35776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        26160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                  178848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                          9442625                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples           9446829                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.006018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.091117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                 9400940     99.51%     99.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                   34928      0.37%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                   10961      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total             9446829                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                 251                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3946.129727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  7989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                3680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                2.170924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   235.257155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   565.445976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  3133.008716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     3.950782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     8.467097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.057436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.138048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.764895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.002067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.963411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.837158                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses               41669                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses              41669                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          330                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          330                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          797                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total          797                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total               4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          814                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          589                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1403                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          667                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          446                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1113                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               2520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          814                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          589                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          450                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              2520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          156                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          185                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total            79                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          142                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          166                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          324                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total              711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total             711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          330                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          330                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          797                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total          797                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          156                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          952                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          593                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1545                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          833                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          770                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1603                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           3231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          3231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.974359                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.981818                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.951807                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.144958                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006745                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.091909                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.199280                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.420779                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.305677                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.144958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.242045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.441687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.220056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.144958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.242045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.441687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.220056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks              5                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                   5                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             4563391                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4088.381629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               6515855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             4567142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.426681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    77.348434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst    11.507799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  3992.228311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.673373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     5.623713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.018884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.974665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.998140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3751                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.915771                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            92735229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           92735229                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1174359                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1174359                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7416                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         7416                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4062                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            4096                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2679                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          927                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3606                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       997955                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          877                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       998832                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1002017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            1006534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1002017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          927                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          911                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           1006534                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1162                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1220                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        42140                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          579                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total         42719                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5149                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          691                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         5840                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4511862                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          963                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      4512825                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4554002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          4561384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4554002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          691                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1542                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         4561384                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1174359                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1174359                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7416                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7416                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1162                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1224                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        46202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          613                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        46815                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7828                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1618                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         9446                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5509817                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1840                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5511657                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5556019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        5567918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5556019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       5567918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.935484                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996732                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.912082                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.944535                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.912507                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.657767                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.427070                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.618251                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.818877                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.523370                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.818778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.657767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.819652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.427070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.628618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.819226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.657767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.819652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.427070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.628618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.819226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        1133374                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             1133374                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements               11217                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3891.452587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                 81636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs               15239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                5.357044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   364.354029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   437.449920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   189.622024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   150.010850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data  2750.015764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.088954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.106799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.046294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.036624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.671391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.950062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1015                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2919                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.981934                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              302346                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             302346                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4172                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         4172                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          394                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             394                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         2933                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          349                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3282                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2434                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          310                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2744                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         2933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data          310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total               6420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         2933                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          349                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data          310                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total              6420                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          137                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          183                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6450                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          6478                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1922                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           35                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1957                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3639                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           69                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3708                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        10089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total            12143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1922                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        10089                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           97                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total           12143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4172                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4172                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          138                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         6844                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6872                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         4855                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          384                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5239                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         6073                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          379                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6452                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         4855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        12917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          18563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         4855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        12917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         18563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.992754                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994565                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.942431                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.942666                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.395881                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.091146                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.373545                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.599210                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.182058                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.574706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.395881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.781064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.091146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.238329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.654151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.395881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.781064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.091146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.238329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.654151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           2971                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                2971                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                 156                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3925.179679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 18518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                3575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                5.179860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   285.841770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   514.035723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data  1127.053174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst    86.318754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data  1911.930258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.069786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.125497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.275159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.021074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.466780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.958296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.834717                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses               27109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses              27109                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           95                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           95                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          445                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total          445                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          609                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          305                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          914                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          374                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          311                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          685                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data          375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               1600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data          375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              1600                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           49                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           95                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total            82                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           46                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           74                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          384                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          417                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total              573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          441                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           58                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total             573                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           95                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           95                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          445                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total          445                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           49                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          637                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          351                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          988                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          758                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          344                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1102                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total           2173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total          2173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.982759                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.987952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.043956                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.131054                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.074899                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.506596                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.095930                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.378403                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.043956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.540441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.131054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.157182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.263691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.043956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.540441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.131054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.157182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.263691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks             11                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                  11                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            520520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1205                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1205                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          490812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           346                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            710                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2828                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       519784                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         4938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1542646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      1543758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         3465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         3465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               1552161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        41920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         2240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4283                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        48443                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     33858752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4262                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     33863014                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        73920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        73920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               33985377                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        13230239                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         14261414                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.927679                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.259019                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                1031404      7.23%      7.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               13230010     92.77%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           14261414                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           4518675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1133374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3414704                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            42722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           42709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4518665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     13674051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     13674051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              13674051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side    364465326                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    364465326                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              364465326                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                        11339708                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         20449958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.554469                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.497024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                9111091     44.55%     44.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2               11338867     55.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           20449958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              5665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7047                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6456                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        35330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        35330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 35330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       967320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       967320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                 967320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                        14785516                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples         14807536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.998468                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.039106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  22680      0.15%      0.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2               14784856     99.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total           14807536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp           4004672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1130263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2606441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            47603                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           47428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4004672                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          263                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         1678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         1941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     11842296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total     11842296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total              11844237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         4672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        33248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        37920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port    331634688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total    331634688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total              331672608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                         1567454                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples          9443335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.165949                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.372035                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                7876223     83.41%     83.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                1567112     16.59%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total            9443335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         1170                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.213840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           12                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         1184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.010135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.403155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     6.810643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.462697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.425665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.888365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.250000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        21622                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        21622                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1154                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1154                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           31                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1154                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1154                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         1149                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         1149                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements      5650734                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.968737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         1263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs      5650744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.354388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.045501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    12.550708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.013240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.004900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.209649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.784419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses     78581390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses     78581390                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1133374                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1133374                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           22                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1170                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           60                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1230                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        42132                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          577                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        42709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5149                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4511841                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          691                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          962                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      4518643                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4553973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total      4561352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5149                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4553973                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          691                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1539                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total      4561352                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1133374                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1133374                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1170                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           60                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1230                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        42132                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          577                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        42709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5149                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4511862                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          691                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          963                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4518665                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4553994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total      4561374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4553994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total      4561374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998962                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks      1133344                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total      1133344                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements         8349                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.194884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs         8365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.023431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.506129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.772028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     1.031893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     4.921263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     4.963571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.094133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.048252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.064493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.307579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.310223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.824680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       194999                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       194999                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2971                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2971                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          159                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          205                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         6454                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1922                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3636                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           69                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5662                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        10062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total        12116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1922                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        10062                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           97                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total        12116                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2971                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2971                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          159                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         6428                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6456                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1922                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3639                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           69                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5665                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        10067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           97                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total        12121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        10067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           97                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total        12121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999690                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999176                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999470                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         2961                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         2961                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements          191                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse     6.756248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs            8                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs          197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.040609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.006450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.428301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     2.852588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     2.647302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.821607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.026769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.178287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.165456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.051350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.422266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.375000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses         5906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses         5906                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            5                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           58                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          102                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          379                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           26                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          479                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          392                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           27                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total          493                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            5                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           58                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          102                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          379                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           26                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          479                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total            6                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       526119                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.974222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       526135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.410311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.128739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    11.962876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.004952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.012870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.018501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.000093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.431464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.000016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.213144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.008046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.747680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.001156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.026967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      8737376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      8737376                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7148                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7148                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           99                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           95                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          305                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data           95                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst           28                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data           99                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data           95                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          305                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           56                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           42                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          288                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          519                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2080                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2775                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4232                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       509214                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          663                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          688                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1836                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2270                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          108                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       519149                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       509374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       521924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4232                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       509374                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          663                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1207                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1836                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4350                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           35                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           25                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       521924                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7148                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7148                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           56                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           42                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          288                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          519                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2080                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2775                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4234                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       509232                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          677                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          697                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1864                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2369                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          203                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       519454                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       509392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       522229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       509392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       522229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.962963                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993671                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999528                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.979321                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987088                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.984979                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.958210                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.685714                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.733333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.532020                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999413                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.979321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.984979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.977748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.685714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.744681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.428571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.560185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.979321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.984979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.977748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.685714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.744681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.428571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.560185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         7119                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         7119                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements      5133373                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.963592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs         1178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs      5133389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.482434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    12.459606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.001794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.012261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.000025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.217652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.778725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses     68181340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses     68181340                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1130312                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1130312                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           60                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           57                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total           62                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1077                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1094                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        41944                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total        47359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          915                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4001913                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          227                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1035                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      4004181                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4043857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         5218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total      4051540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          915                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4043857                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          281                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         5218                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           33                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total      4051540                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1130312                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1130312                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1077                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1094                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        41945                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4183                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        47361                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          915                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4001969                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          229                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1035                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4004241                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4043914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         5218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total      4051602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4043914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         5218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         1152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total      4051602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999976                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.981818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999958                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.818182                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991266                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999985                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.989437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.989437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks      1130252                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total      1130252                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               73919                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              40881                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              114800                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              37102                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          37102                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               166028654                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             348506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               348506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       334786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              23336                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        24491                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              334786                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       442003                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       261480                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               115128                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              74161                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             40967                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      165681030.222214                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      347623.777786                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.002094                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.997906                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    53447                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         1538      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           215705     61.89%     62.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             850      0.24%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           77916     22.36%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          41138     11.80%     96.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         11359      3.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            348506                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               32756                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              17040                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               49796                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              17833                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          17833                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               166028759                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             152338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               152338                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       146400                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               6154                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        11531                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              146400                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       201536                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       116420                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                49882                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              32756                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             17126                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      165876853.527858                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      151905.472142                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000915                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999085                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    20676                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass          818      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            94425     61.98%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             597      0.39%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           33306     21.86%     84.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          17126     11.24%     96.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6066      3.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            152338                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            24590809                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses           3035228                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        26931715                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           11225358                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            37043                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       10906358                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            35816167                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses           3072271                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        37838073                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          161887299                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              322                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      161887621                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               165999425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          162779989                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            162779989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    138978189                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       8400953                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            3775954                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     17928595                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           138978189                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              8400953                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    177622560                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    103890033                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads     10800546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      8400474                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             39350969                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           28088346                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          11262623                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      553554.476973                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      165445870.523027                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.996665                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.003335                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 23692851                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     12914809      7.79%      7.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         71905869     43.36%     51.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult           16428      0.01%     51.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        6400149      3.86%     55.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              2      0.00%     55.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        2000004      1.21%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             2      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        30572930     18.43%     74.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       11262932      6.79%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess      30779132     18.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         165852272                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               49545                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              27951                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               77496                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              40671                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          40796                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               166028864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             250005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               250005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       239367                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               7601                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        23998                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              239367                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       320575                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       185436                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                78689                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              50429                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             28260                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      165779005.819906                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      249858.180094                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001505                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998495                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    35150                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         3539      1.41%      1.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           153689     61.38%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             514      0.21%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.01%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           52017     20.77%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          28269     11.29%     95.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         12335      4.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            250390                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits              108360                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits             102143                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits              210503                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits             179240                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses         179392                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles               166436600                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts             564017                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps               564017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses       541719                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls              13383                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts        54795                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts              541719                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads       770046                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes       379813                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs               211705                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts             109199                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts            102506                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      165871936.288404                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      564663.711596                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.003393                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.996607                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                    73548                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass        10480      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu           322224     57.08%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult             938      0.17%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.21%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.04%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead          111991     19.84%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite         102577     18.17%     97.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess         14890      2.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total            564499                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits               25718                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits              14167                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits               39885                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits              17689                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses          17689                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles               166020863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts             113632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps               113632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses       108219                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls               4870                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts         7558                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts              108219                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads       146532                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes        85729                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs                39971                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts              25718                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts             14253                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      165907580.820149                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      113282.179851                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.000682                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.999318                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                    14961                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass          765      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu            65913     58.01%     58.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult             429      0.38%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead           26270     23.12%     82.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite          14253     12.54%     94.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess          6002      5.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total            113632                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits               31310                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits              16421                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits               47731                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits              17869                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses          17869                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles               166028670                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts             144030                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps               144030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses       138184                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls               5868                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts        10776                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts              138184                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads       189553                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes       109740                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs                47817                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts              31310                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts             16507                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      165885053.695710                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      143616.304290                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.000865                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.999135                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                    19549                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass          800      0.56%      0.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu            88214     61.25%     61.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult             559      0.39%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead           31868     22.13%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite          16507     11.46%     95.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess          6082      4.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total            144030                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits               25377                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits              14115                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits               39492                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits              17635                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses          17635                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles               166028670                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts             112542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps               112542                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses       107156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls               4850                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts         7286                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts              107156                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads       145213                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes        84991                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs                39578                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts              25377                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts             14201                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      165916470.011704                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      112199.988296                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000676                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999324                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                    14658                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass          761      0.68%      0.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu            65252     57.98%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult             427      0.38%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead           25922     23.03%     82.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite          14202     12.62%     94.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess          5978      5.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total            112542                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              10                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        4524827                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            546                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           546                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1137460                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      3188089                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1572                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          385                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1896                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         50349                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        50332                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4524817                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         3731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         3731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      1531003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     11910022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     13441025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        18635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        15759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        34394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         1679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         1679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           13480829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       149568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       149568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     33388782                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    331073216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total    364461998                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       499352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       467008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       966360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        33312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        33312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           365611238                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      5662521                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      14799172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.382593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.486020                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3             9137115     61.74%     61.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4             5662057     38.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        14799172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
