
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   365532500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2254807314500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              172342359                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                172335595                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              642841172                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 725092                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    97989798                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97989798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       227904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       876160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1104064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       227904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        227904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       564416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          564416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         3561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        13690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    623484916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   2396941448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3020426364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    623484916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        623484916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1544092523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1544092523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1544092523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    623484916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   2396941448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4564518887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       2556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                      529     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                     540     50.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 1069                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                       527     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                      527     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  1054                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                344803000     94.30%     94.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                20830000      5.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            365633000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.996219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.975926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.985968                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   118      9.57%      9.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.49%     10.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                   886     71.86%     81.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       1      0.08%     82.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.08%     82.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.08%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      183     14.84%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   33      2.68%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   1233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               301                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601329                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.751037                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          261869500     71.62%     71.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            103763500     28.38%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      118                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             18794                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              244691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             18794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.019634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    29.307960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   482.692040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.057242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.942758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            544858                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           544858                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       124202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          124202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         115569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       239771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           239771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       239771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          239771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          9277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        18536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          18536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        18536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         18536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       133479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       133479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       258307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       258307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074174                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074174                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12040                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             12040                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7202                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.874602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              726359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            100.855179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    28.051087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   483.823515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.054787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.944968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1468621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1468621                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          723506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           723506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          723506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          7203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           7203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          7203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       730709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       730709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       730709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18282                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3993.924703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.273548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1832.776978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         28.727127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         56.850673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   824.225395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1251.344530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.447455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.013880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.201227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.975079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          974                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977783                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    443150                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   443150                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12040                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            12040                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7187                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             7187                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          976                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   976                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4128                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4128                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          3641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          5104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         5104                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3561                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3561                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5408                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5408                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        13690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3561                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        13690                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12040                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12040                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7187                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7187                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9258                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9258                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7202                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           7202                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9536                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9536                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                25996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               25996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894578                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.894578                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494446                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.494446                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567114                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.567114                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.663602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.663602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8819                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8819                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1668480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1668480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1668480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             34481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   34481    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               34481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               134746                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                773                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            44042                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              127016                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               161                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   21                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           21035                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               261762                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    33                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            65077                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              228247                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               356                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          228603                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   731065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              729742                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                729742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        702059                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               15297                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        76740                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               702059                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads       987009                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       491629                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                264182                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              136630                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             127552                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             731065                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     97269                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         15111      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            426345     58.35%     60.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              705      0.10%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1218      0.17%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             230      0.03%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           140775     19.27%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          127895     17.50%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          18430      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             730709                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        51994                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25999                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           40                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1106                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1106                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             16739                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          7203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9536                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 77953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       920960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1973376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2894336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18282                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            70276                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.016905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.128916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  69088     98.31%     98.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1188      1.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              70276                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000778                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   778169000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2255956628000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               91463891                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 91462057                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              710789519                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 728164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100130253                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     100130253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       385856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       574592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             960448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       385856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        385856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1806272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1806272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         6029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               15007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         28223                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              28223                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    495851158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    738389733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1234240891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    495851158                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        495851158                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      2321182160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           2321182160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      2321182160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    495851158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    738389733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3555423051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       65                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       5855                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1471     40.46%     40.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     110      3.03%     43.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       1      0.03%     43.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2054     56.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 3636                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1470     48.18%     48.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      110      3.61%     51.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        1      0.03%     51.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1470     48.18%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3051                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                561464000     72.13%     72.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 8187000      1.05%     73.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                   49000      0.01%     73.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               208655500     26.81%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            778355500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999320                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.715677                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.839109                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          1      5.56%     11.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          3     16.67%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         4     22.22%     55.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.56%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.56%     77.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         1      5.56%     83.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        1      5.56%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      5.56%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   176      4.35%      4.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        9      0.22%      4.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3215     79.52%     84.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      97      2.40%     86.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.02%     86.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.02%     86.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      310      7.67%     94.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   41      1.01%     95.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        3      0.07%     95.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                 189      4.67%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4043                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               464                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 199                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  22                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 210                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   199                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    11                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.452586                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.613139                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          580610000     74.59%     74.59% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            123304000     15.84%     90.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             74441500      9.56%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      176                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             18544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              404926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             18544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             21.835958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            911666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           911666                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       253436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          253436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       163722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         163722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5253                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5253                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5606                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5606                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       417158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           417158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       417158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          417158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        11949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         11949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        18067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          18067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        18067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         18067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       265385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       265385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       169840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       169840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5730                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5730                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       435225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       435225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036022                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083246                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.083246                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10951                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             10951                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             26155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.997759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1546750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             26155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             59.137832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           2827298                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          2827298                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1374415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1374415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1374415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1374415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1374415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1374415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        26156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         26156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        26156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          26156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        26156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         26156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1400571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1400571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1400571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        26155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             26155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 155                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1277952                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        157                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  783                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 783                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               20660                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              20660                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        40028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        40028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   42886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         3226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1278320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1278320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1281546                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                20014                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                20014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               180126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              180126                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               46                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           19968                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                19968                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     16081                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4002.211632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     16081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.487345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1494.709698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.379753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          2.745349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1518.466288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   982.910543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.364919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.370719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.239968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.977102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2696                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    737123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   737123                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        10951                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            10951                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        26137                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            26137                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1443                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1443                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20127                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              20127                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8111                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              8111                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         20127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          9554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    29681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         9554                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   29681                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4675                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                4675                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6029                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6029                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4315                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4315                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  15019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6029                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8990                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 15019                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        10951                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10951                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        26137                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        26137                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26156                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          26156                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        12426                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         12426                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                44700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               44700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.764139                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.764139                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.230502                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.230502                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.347256                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.347256                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.230502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.484793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.335996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.230502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.484793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.335996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8255                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8255                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        28223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             7298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4663                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4663                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         19968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        19968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        59996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        59996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        48449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 108445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1280896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1280896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1488768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1491994                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2772890                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             72029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   72029    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               72029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               269964                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                872                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            47615                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              175919                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               179                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   27                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           28753                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               445883                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1051                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    39                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            76368                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              301539                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               611                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          302150                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  1556403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1399481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1399481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses       1346699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3027                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               53184                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       138222                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts              1346699                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3027                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      1821865                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes      1010467                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         1357                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         1309                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                449391                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              272736                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             176655                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       155220.792281                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       1401182.207719                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.900270                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.099730                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    205832                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         21926      1.57%      1.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            881524     62.94%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             2412      0.17%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd             533      0.04%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt              11      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv               9      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           283700     20.26%     84.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          177350     12.66%     97.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          33105      2.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            1400571                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        89399                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        44699                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           37                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            714                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          714                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             39319                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               692                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              692                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10951                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        26137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         26156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        78449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        58471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                136920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3346752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1890906                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5237658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           56127                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           146937                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.005363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.073035                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 146149     99.46%     99.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    788      0.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             146937                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.893006                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                893006103500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3148962731500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1566697                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1566697                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              742307117                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 730212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1203.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1884758712                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1884758712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      4124544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1053787968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1057912512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      4124544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       4124544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     15270912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        15270912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        64446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     16465437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16529883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        238608                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             238608                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      4618719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1180045650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1184664369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      4618719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          4618719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        17100568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             17100568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        17100568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      4618719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1180045650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1201764937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       31                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                    1392142                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    15742     38.47%     38.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      26      0.06%     38.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                     914      2.23%     40.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                   24240     59.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                40922                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     15742     48.55%     48.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       26      0.08%     48.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                      914      2.82%     51.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    15742     48.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 32424                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             891852669000     99.87%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 1922000      0.00%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                44786000      0.01%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              1106422500      0.12%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         893005799500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                         1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.649422                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.792337                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::1                          2     14.29%     14.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          2     14.29%     28.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          1      7.14%     35.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      7.14%     42.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         1      7.14%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5     35.71%     85.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         1      7.14%     92.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      7.14%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     14                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                    42      0.07%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 27517     47.64%     47.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    1883      3.26%     50.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                    12465     21.58%     72.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                11412     19.76%     92.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                4442      7.69%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  57761                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel             12493                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user               12435                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  14                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel               12442                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                 12435                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     7                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.995918                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.997675                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         3402574000      0.38%      0.38% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user         889575028000     99.62%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             28197500      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                       42                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          19219365                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           474243904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          19219365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             24.675316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1006151769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1006151769                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    422079541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       422079541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     52054110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       52054110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        53777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        53777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        59409                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        59409                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    474133651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        474133651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    474133651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       474133651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19081859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      19081859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       131851                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       131851                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5655                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5655                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     19213710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       19213710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     19213710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      19213710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    441161400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    441161400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     52185961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     52185961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        59432                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        59432                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        59409                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        59409                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    493347361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    493347361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    493347361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    493347361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095151                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.095151                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       374817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            374817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            101359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1785932871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            101359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          17619.874614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        3572024867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       3572024867                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1785860395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1785860395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1785860395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1785860395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1785860395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1785860395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       101359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        101359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       101359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         101359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       101359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        101359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1785961754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1785961754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1785961754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1785961754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1785961754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1785961754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       101359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            101359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  10                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   106496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         16                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  205                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 205                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2797                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2797                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         7648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          198                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio           94                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         8268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       106576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       106576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   114844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1674                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1674                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                15066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               15066                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1664                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1664                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           10                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               10                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1664                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1664                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1664                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1664                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16612767                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4092.264323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21918815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16612767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.319396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       63.584898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.018112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.007003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    13.773277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  4014.881033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.015524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.980196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4052                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989258                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 325876294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                325876294                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       374817                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           374817                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       101358                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           101358                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        35955                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 35955                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        36913                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              36913                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2717967                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2717967                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         36913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       2753922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2790835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        36913                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2753922                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2790835                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        95896                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               95896                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        64446                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            64446                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16369547                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        16369547                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        64446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16465443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16529889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        64446                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16465443                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16529889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       374817                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       374817                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       101358                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       101358                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       131851                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            131851                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       101359                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         101359                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19087514                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      19087514                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       101359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19219365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             19320724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       101359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19219365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            19320724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.727306                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.727306                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.635819                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.635819                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.857605                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.857605                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.635819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.856711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.855552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.635819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.856711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.855552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               236944                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    236944                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16434198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               1133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              1133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       238608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         16292904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             95890                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            95890                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      16434003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49589626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     49592282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               49597294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       107136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       107136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1073076928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1073085196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1073192332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          33064413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                33064413    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            33064413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            441055803                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1312938                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        441005945                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            52257928                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20357                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        51135840                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            493313731                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1333295                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        492141785                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1779799202                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               146                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1779799348                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1786012238                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1784628459                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1784628459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses    1126340010                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      911407021                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls             1351408                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts    111369567                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts           1126340010                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             911407021                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   2264592523                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    593442791                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads   1096116229                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    899170210                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             494813290                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           442533965                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts           52279325                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       50331.414874                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       1785961906.585126                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999972                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000028                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                 122938656                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass      99646128      5.58%      5.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         628836969     35.21%     40.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult           210107      0.01%     40.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     40.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd       367428359     20.57%     61.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp         5371041      0.30%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt           59029      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult      175820924      9.84%     71.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv           43940      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead        442623051     24.78%     96.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite        52281327      2.93%     99.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess       13640879      0.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1785961754                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     38641448                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     19320723                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          95041                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        95041                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          19189068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              1133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             1133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       374817                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       101358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        18844545                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           131851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          131851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        101359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     19087514                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       304076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     57660748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              57964824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12973888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1254035916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1267009804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16616123                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         55258891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.041438                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               55163843     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  95048      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           55258891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000499                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   498628500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3149461360000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             2496296637                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               2496224716                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              660029644                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 730212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1885754450                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1885754450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       286592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       926400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1212992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       286592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        286592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       402304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          402304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         4478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        14475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               18953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          6286                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               6286                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    574760568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1857896209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            2432656778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    574760568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        574760568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       806821110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            806821110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       806821110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    574760568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1857896209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3239477888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       3978                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1023     45.55%     45.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      92      4.10%     49.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       1      0.04%     49.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    1130     50.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 2246                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1021     47.82%     47.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       92      4.31%     52.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        1      0.05%     52.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1021     47.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  2135                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                407517500     81.70%     81.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 6900000      1.38%     83.09% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                   49000      0.01%     83.10% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                84307000     16.90%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            498773500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998045                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.903540                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.950579                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      4.17%      4.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      8.33%     12.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4     16.67%     29.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2      8.33%     37.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      4.17%     41.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      4.17%     45.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      4.17%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     12.50%     62.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      4.17%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      4.17%     70.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      4.17%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5     20.83%     95.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      4.17%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     24                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   116      4.90%      4.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.25%      5.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  1871     79.08%     84.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      11      0.46%     84.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.04%     84.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.04%     84.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      282     11.92%     96.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   40      1.69%     98.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        9      0.38%     98.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  29      1.23%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   2366                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               398                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 187                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 187                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   187                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.469849                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.639316                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          371088500     74.40%     74.40% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            127685000     25.60%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      116                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             20327                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              361493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             20839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             17.346946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            702801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           702801                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       171986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          171986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       142199                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         142199                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       314185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           314185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       314185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          314185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         10538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          315                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        20013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          20013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        20013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         20013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       182524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       151674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       151674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3565                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3565                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       334198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       334198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       334198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       334198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062470                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.062470                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088359                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088359                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             12595                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             10161                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.822299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              995806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             10672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             93.310157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.822299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           2003749                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          2003749                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       986624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          986624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       986624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           986624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       986624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          986624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         10167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          10167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         10167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       996791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       996791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       996791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       996791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       996791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       996791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        10161                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             10161                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 385                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                385                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     19539                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4009.929888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       49825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     23582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.112840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1225.755432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1461.419009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1322.755447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.299257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.356792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.322938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.978987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1059                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987061                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    516500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   516500                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12595                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            12595                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        10141                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            10141                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1061                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1061                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         5688                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               5688                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4791                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4791                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          5688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          5852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    11540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         5688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         5852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   11540                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8413                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8413                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4478                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             4478                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6062                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6062                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        14475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  18953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4478                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        14475                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 18953                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12595                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12595                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        10141                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        10141                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9474                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9474                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        10166                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          10166                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10853                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         10853                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        10166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        20327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                30493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        10166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        20327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               30493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888009                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.888009                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.440488                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.440488                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.558555                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.558555                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.440488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.712107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.621552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.440488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.712107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.621552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 6286                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      6286                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            12054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        56248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        58122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  58122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1615296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1617528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1617528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             38231                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   38231    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               38231                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               185347                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                869                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            54114                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              155466                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               153                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   19                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           26616                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               340813                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1022                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    31                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            80730                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              294093                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               466                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          294559                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   997257                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              995738                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                995738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        957278                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           4405                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               31444                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       100184                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               957278                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  4405                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      1323851                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       688590                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2829                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2754                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                343509                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              187522                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             155987                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             997257                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    140251                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         18166      1.82%      1.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            599595     60.15%     61.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             1023      0.10%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1299      0.13%     62.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               1      0.00%     62.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               2      0.00%     62.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     62.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             245      0.02%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           194626     19.53%     81.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          156349     15.69%     97.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          25484      2.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             996791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        60983                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        30496                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           46                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1309                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1309                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             21572                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12595                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        10141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9474                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9474                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         10167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10853                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 93307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1299712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2109240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                3408952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           19539                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            81459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.017285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.130331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  80051     98.27%     98.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1408      1.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              81459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
