
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000354                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354490500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261607942000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              194181021                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                194173476                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              583950262                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 765392                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117869872                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117869872                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         5184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           5184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks           81                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                81                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       180541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       541622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               722163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       180541                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          180541                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       14623805                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            14623805                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       14623805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       180541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       541622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            15345968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        16448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             17088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks        74304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          74304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         1161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       541622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1263786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     46398987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             48204395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      209607874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           209607874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      209607874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       541622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1263786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     46398987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           257812269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138897000     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151156500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61914500     75.49%     75.49% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.51%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.412259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.922541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.633097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.779162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130029                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          570                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          570                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2197                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2197                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.078912                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078912                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.067103                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067103                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2481                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.246272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.612853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.359104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351540000     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357326000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.45%      5.45% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1018041000     93.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.289231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.197823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.211705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.077526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78632                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          453                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          453                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048319                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048319                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.804072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.348750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.455323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357062500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357227000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.125596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   271.976131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.531203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.533448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.517578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551011500     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560444500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509919500     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.440497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.447636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.273453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.167045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355488                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1134                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1134                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.116822                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.116822                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.361523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.509656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22155                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11329                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1304                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2837                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2800                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           37                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3044                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              163                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             64                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             227                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2716                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2716                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3751                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       532176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       208472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1175528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                             8108                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             30138                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.189263                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.395517                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   24479     81.22%     81.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    5614     18.63%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      45      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               30138                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34473                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17159                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1271                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             493                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          475                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8497                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3865                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            153                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6005                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1367584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1860200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                             3866                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             37866                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.076216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.267133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   34998     92.43%     92.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    2850      7.53%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      18      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               37866                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                1267                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           63510.105487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 33125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                1267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               26.144436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 41260.529620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  7779.424162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data 10875.260963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  1256.070807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1271.876108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.971630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   736.608596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.452291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   327.911308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.629586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.118705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.165943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.019166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.019407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.011240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.005004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.969087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        63083                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        17161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        37741                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962570                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              170992                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             170992                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3044                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3044                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1873                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          617                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2490                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2481                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3748                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1879                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2950                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               9188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2481                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              9188                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          114                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          140                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           225                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1040                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1528                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             1756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1247                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            1756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3044                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3044                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          114                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2080                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2715                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3751                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2919                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1559                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.866667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972222                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.099519                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.082873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000800                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.356286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.313021                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.341224                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.249450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.230629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.160453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.249450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.230629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           1148                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                1148                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                 104                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           51915.685080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  3008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                 104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               28.923077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 30304.827109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  7737.879438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  9266.639179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         2016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  2561.739884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    28.024919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.462415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.118071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.141398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.030762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.039089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.792170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        52158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4550                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        23315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.795868                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              273683                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             273683                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5861                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            5861                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5644                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5645                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              15777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             15777                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          125                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1010                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          1010                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          352                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          353                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             1363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            1363                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5998                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991935                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992063                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.146995                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.146995                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.058706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.058853                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.105852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.079522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.105852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.079522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks             78                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                  78                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              1654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             110                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         4802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         5184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total          523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                  5707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       176192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       184360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         8680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 193040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                            7415                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples             9963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.645789                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.478297                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   3529     35.42%     35.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                   6434     64.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total               9963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              1837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict              16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            646                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         2860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side          524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         3384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         4807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total         4807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  8191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        71360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         8360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        79720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       176896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       176896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 256616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                             408                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples             5034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.064362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.245422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   4710     93.56%     93.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                    324      6.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total               5034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         2473                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.030368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           73                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         2473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.029519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.277804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.965096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.775062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.579863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.122819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.173441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.876898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        26217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        26217                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1074                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1074                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          150                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          195                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1004                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1484                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1679                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1074                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1074                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1004                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         1679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         1078                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         1078                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements            8                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    11.812439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs            5                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs            8                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.625000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.588957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.794690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     2.122316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.306476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.286810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.049668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.132645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.269155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.738277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses         2250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses         2250                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total            6                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements           13                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    11.342496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           16                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs           13                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     1.230769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.355947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.371097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.945281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.670170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.459747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.023194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.059080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.166886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.708906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses         2286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses         2286                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            6                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total            7                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         2483                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.412048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           70                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         2483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.028192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.776120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.873589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.749934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.548507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.117099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.171871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.838253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        26253                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        26253                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1078                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1078                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          150                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          195                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1004                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1484                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         1679                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1078                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1078                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1004                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         1679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         1085                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         1085                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33926                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8138                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28434                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4590                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62360                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12728                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301619                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165888                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17158                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160081                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220709                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112845                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62624                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34130                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28494                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230958.708080                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70660.291920                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234270                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765730                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22555                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2863      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95849     57.74%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35090     21.14%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28774     17.33%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166000                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522808806                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655292969.913980                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867515836.086020                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191809                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808191                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522808692                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520454727.080432                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353964.919568                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523215885                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644089484.852818                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2879126400.147182                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636522                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363478                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1607                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1084                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          172                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          138                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          293                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           201                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          200                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1607                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side         4806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         4806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total          528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total               5334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       176448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       176448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         8616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         8616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              185064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                         5342                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.569811                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.495135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                3229     43.02%     43.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                4277     56.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total            7506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.042217                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 42217496500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2304181975000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2877375                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2877374                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              598969543                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 769488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    70.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   202807401                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     202807401                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       217152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      2516608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         8768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2746496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       217152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         8768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       226816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2800384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2800384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         3393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        39322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              42914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        43756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             43756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         9096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        12128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        12128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        21223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5143649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     59610546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       207686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        39415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             65055871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         9096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        12128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5143649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       207686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         5372559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       66332308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            66332308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       66332308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         9096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        12128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        12128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        21223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      5143649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     59610546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       207686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        39415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           131388179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        41472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    134499648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         6208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     10885568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         145435136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        41472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        41664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    111506880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      111506880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      2101557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       170087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2272424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      1742295                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1742295                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data         4548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         4548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        43963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       982342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   3185874558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       147048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      257844944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           3444901950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         4548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       982342                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          986889                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     2641248043                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          2641248043                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     2641248043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data         4548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         4548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        43963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       982342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   3185874558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       147048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     257844944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          6086149992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      46                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1533                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     472     32.66%     32.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     72      4.98%     37.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      2.98%     40.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.07%     40.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    857     59.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1445                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      472     44.53%     44.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      72      6.79%     51.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      43      4.06%     55.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.09%     55.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     472     44.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1060                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             42350871000     99.83%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5400000      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.00%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               65853000      0.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         42424395500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.550758                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.733564                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1215     85.74%     85.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     88      6.21%     91.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     114      8.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1417                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              116                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              422                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          468.813096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              19541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            46.305687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   468.813096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.915651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.915651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.912109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           127306                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          127306                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        39322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          39322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        21802                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21802                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          644                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          644                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        61124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           61124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        61124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          61124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           78                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        39792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        39792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        22054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          722                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          722                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011426                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011426                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.047739                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.047739                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.108033                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.108033                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              89242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           119.148198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           390323                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          390323                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       194038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         194038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       194038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          194038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       194038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         194038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       194787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       194787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       194787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       194787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       194787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       194787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      45                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1483                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     373     34.19%     34.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      3.94%     38.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.09%     38.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    674     61.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                1091                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      373     47.28%     47.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      43      5.45%     52.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.13%     52.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     372     47.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  789                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             41709661500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               35396000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         41747329000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.551929                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.723190                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.09%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      1.21%      1.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.17%      1.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  983     84.67%     86.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     86      7.41%     93.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.09%     93.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      64      5.51%     99.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.78%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1161                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 45                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.022222                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.424242                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65262000     45.04%     45.04% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            79634500     54.96%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5508                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          487.222378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             102116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.539579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   487.222378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.951606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.951606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          476                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           265306                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          265306                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        72634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          72634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        49880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         49880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          711                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          711                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       122514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          122514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       122514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         122514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           63                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           63                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        76034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        76034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        52225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        52225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          776                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          776                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       128259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       128259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       128259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       128259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.044717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.044902                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044902                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.144330                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.144330                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081395                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.081395                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.044792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.044792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             3149                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             498993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           158.460781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.001846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.997800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           728029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          728029                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       359288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         359288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       359288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          359288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       359288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         359288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          3151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         3151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       362439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       362439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       362439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       362439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       362439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       362439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             3149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     369                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     77527                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   25045     47.89%     47.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    119      0.23%     48.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      0.08%     48.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     48.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  27091     51.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               52299                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    23752     49.83%     49.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     119      0.25%     50.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      43      0.09%     50.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     50.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   23751     49.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                47666                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             38889409500     91.67%     91.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8508500      0.02%     91.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.00%     91.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     91.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             3524303500      8.31%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         42424440500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.948373                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.876712                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.911413                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         3      8.82%      8.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3      8.82%     17.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      2.94%     20.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     11.76%     32.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      2.94%     35.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      2.94%     38.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.94%     41.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      2.94%     44.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       15     44.12%     88.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      2.94%     91.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      2.94%     94.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      2.94%     97.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      2.94%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    34                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  136      0.26%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.01%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                44286     83.39%     83.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    720      1.36%     85.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     85.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    7850     14.78%     99.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  49      0.09%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%     99.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 53      0.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 53107                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7985                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               6415                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               6414                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 6415                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.803256                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.890903                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       20442575000     47.32%     47.32% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         22760443000     52.68%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     136                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          2401967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.346525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           29116785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2401967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.122059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.838226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   510.508299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.001637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.997087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         65731825                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        65731825                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      7622344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7622344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     21454276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21454276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        87535                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        87535                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        97350                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        97350                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     29076620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        29076620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     29076620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       29076620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       661380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       661380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1731605                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1731605                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10009                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10009                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2392985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       2392985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2392985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      2392985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8283724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8283724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     23185881                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     23185881                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        97544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        97544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        97534                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        97534                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     31469605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     31469605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     31469605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     31469605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.079841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.074684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.102610                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102610                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001887                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001887                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.076041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.076041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1813788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          1813788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           195435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           69443437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           195435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           355.327536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.573577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   510.426423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.003073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        167293855                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       167293855                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     83353775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       83353775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     83353775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        83353775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     83353775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       83353775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       195435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       195435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       195435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        195435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       195435                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       195435                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     83549210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     83549210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     83549210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     83549210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     83549210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     83549210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       195435                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           195435                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      48                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       933                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     249     29.68%     29.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      5.13%     34.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.36%     35.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    544     64.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 839                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      249     45.86%     45.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      43      7.92%     53.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.55%     54.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     248     45.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  543                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             41924269500     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               27239000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         41953967000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.455882                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.647199                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.34%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  749     84.54%     84.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     89     10.05%     94.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      45      5.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   886                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel               48                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              807                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.725557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               4598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.697646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   443.725557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.866651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            64760                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           64760                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        18727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          18727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         11517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        30244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           30244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        30244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          30244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         1168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        19559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        19559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        11853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        11853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          207                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          207                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        31412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        31412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        31412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        31412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.042538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.028347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.178744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.178744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.202020                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.202020                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1351                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              69753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            51.630644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           189177                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          189177                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        92562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          92562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        92562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           92562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        92562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          92562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        93913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        93913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        93913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        93913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        93913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                 11354112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1391                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2023                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2023                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              179935                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             179935                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         8356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       355560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       355560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  363916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         4888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         9750                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     11357088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     11357088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 11366838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               177780                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               177780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1600020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1600020                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              372                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177408                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177408                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         20486                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10642                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1412                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            4650                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3236                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1414                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 430                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8350                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                377                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               377                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3646                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              351                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             492                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2246                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2246                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3900                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4020                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1913                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        17099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  31480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        74496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        52702                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       370368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       584104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1081670                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          4986843                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           5007675                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001839                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.048999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 4999880     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    6380      0.13%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    1415      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             5007675                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       5200769                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2600026                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        81943                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           21909                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        18434                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         3475                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                1221                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             870265                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               2150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              2150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1814159                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       162123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           541558                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              614                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            224                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             838                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1731327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1731327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         196786                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        672258                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       551939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      7167989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                7727000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     22816256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    269846740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       153920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        96188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               292913104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          2591396                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           7794995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.024233                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.156649                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 7609574     97.62%     97.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  181942      2.33%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    3479      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             7794995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                1033                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           62208.860681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 18542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                1033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               17.949661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 40775.895678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  7628.469508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  9986.008901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         1255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1178.286768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     6.618119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   238.498654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    12.964131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1127.118922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.622191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.116401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.152374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.019150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.017979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.003639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.017198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.949232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        61895                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        61891                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.944443                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              156594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             156594                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3646                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3646                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3051                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3051                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1878                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1927                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          743                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3140                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3883                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          407                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2443                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2850                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               8660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          743                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          456                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3140                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              8660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          182                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          166                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          348                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          133                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          298                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           59                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          994                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1053                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            1381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3646                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3646                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3051                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3051                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          182                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          166                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          348                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          749                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3151                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3900                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          466                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3437                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3903                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.209677                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.136949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.138963                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.008011                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003491                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.004359                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.126609                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.289206                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.269792                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.008011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.136364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.230180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.137536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.008011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.136364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.230180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.137536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks            951                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                 951                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             2134120                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           64936.839373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               3141454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             2134120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.472014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 48284.356287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   409.097020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   448.022978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   140.031184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   109.337775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   315.540323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data 15169.834830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     5.209733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    55.409243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.736761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.006242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.006836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.002137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.001668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.231473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.990858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        62321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998840                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            44823411                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           44823411                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1814159                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1814159                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       162123                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       162123                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        97136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           97200                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       191394                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1214                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       192608                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       160792                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          556                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       161348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       191394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       257928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             451156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       191394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       257928                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1214                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          620                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            451156                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          472                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          520                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          166                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          193                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1633893                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       1634070                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4041                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4178                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       509587                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          237                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       509824                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2143480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          2148072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4041                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2143480                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         2148072                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1814159                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1814159                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       162123                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       162123                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          475                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          523                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          167                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          194                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1731029                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1731270                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       195435                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1351                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       196786                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       670379                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          793                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       671172                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       195435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2401408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        2599228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       195435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2401408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       2599228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993684                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994264                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994012                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994845                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.943885                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.734440                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.943856                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020677                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.101406                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.021231                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.760148                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.298865                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.759603                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.892593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.101406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.400387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.826427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.892593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.101406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.400387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.826427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        1607720                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             1607720                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             14638                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              2527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             2527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       215987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             704                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            32943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           32929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       177408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       177408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         3404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         6379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       130761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       137503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        17664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       515676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       533340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                677222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        27328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       120640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2438                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       150406                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      5235904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      5243216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       376832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     11001088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     11377920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               16771542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         4532254                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          4989070                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.908110                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.288870                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 458444      9.19%      9.19% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                4530626     90.81%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            4989070                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               1221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            516496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              2150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             2150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1779955                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          515060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           244                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1805761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1805704                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       515275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      6279984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       147281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      6427265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       518697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       518697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               6945962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    235120640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      5247568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    240368208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     22098880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     22098880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              262467088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          111112                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          4739777                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.023398                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.151165                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                4628874     97.66%     97.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 110903      2.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            4739777                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       173406                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.937640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       173406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.344605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.453100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.028823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.110673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.959038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.028319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.001801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.006917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      2940523                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      2940523                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       172231                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       172231                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          888                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          366                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1273                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       171520                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       171520                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          366                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1540                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       172231                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       172231                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          888                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1279                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       171520                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       171520                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         1546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         1546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.983871                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995309                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.983871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.983871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       172233                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       172233                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        48748                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.198742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        48748                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.010954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.287419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.738440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.763600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.208203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.201079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.455464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.046152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.422725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.013013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.012567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       848335                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       848335                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        37660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          309                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        32628                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        32638                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7870                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          171                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        11571                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        40498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        44209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3393                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        40498                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          181                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        44209                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        37660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          309                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        32628                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        32638                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3393                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7880                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          171                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11581                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        44219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        44219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998731                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999137                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        37650                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        37650                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        48721                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.290459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        48721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.010611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.734155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.754260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.322301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.250929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.228815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.483385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.047141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.395144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.015683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.014301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       848140                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       848140                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        37650                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37650                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           26                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           26                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           26                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          309                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        32628                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        32638                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7844                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          171                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        11545                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        40472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        44183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3393                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        40472                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          181                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        44183                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        37650                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37650                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          309                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        32628                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        32638                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3393                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7870                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          171                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11571                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        44209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        44209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996696                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997753                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        37628                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        37628                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       173409                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.844048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           89                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       173409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.312645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.379917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.028220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.122855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.957040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.023745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.001764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.007678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      3111917                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      3111917                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       172233                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       172233                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       171520                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       171787                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          888                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          366                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1273                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       171886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       173060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       171886                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       173060                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       172233                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       172233                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       171520                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       171787                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          888                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          366                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1273                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       171886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       173060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       171886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       173060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       172235                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       172235                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               40874                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              23180                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               64054                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              21845                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          21845                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                84848915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             194787                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               194787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       186941                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              13275                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        13283                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              186941                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       246410                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       145997                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                64242                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              41018                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             23224                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      84653220.332548                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      195694.667452                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.002306                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.997694                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    29724                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          849      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           120197     61.71%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             425      0.22%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           43184     22.17%     84.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          23310     11.97%     96.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          6822      3.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            194787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               76680                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           34510                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              53022                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          20304                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              129702                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           54814                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             172757                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         172878                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                83494255                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             362282                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               362282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       349887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           385                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              10533                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        36387                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              349887                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  385                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       479138                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       256392                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          220                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               130076                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              76939                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             53137                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      83135777.995746                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      358477.004254                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.004293                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.995707                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    50663                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         5808      1.60%      1.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           217271     59.95%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             427      0.12%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.01%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           78242     21.59%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          53418     14.74%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          7224      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            362439                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             8380372                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              6181                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         3593526                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           23292901                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            17749                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       13387219                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            31673273                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses             23930                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        16980745                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           46327941                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              306                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       46328247                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                84849261                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           83525259                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             83525259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     76132031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          5601                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             753284                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      6665319                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            76132031                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 5601                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    111431654                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     44636869                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         1298                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         1318                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             31699794                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            8388678                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          23311116                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      890180.985287                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      83959080.014713                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.989509                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.010491                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  7598102                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      7020493      8.40%      8.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         44109996     52.80%     61.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult           59587      0.07%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           3254      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             50      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             19      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         8516850     10.19%     71.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       23321771     27.91%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        517189      0.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          83549210                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               19753                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              24                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              12105                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               31858                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              24                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              10816                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          10816                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                83907982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              93911                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                93911                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        90139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               3862                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         7370                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               90139                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       123651                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        69643                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                31931                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              19772                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             12159                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      83814702.869507                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      93279.130493                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001112                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998888                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    12992                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          614      0.65%      0.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            56829     60.51%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             305      0.32%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.01%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           20178     21.49%     82.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          12165     12.95%     95.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          3811      4.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             93913                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1221                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14065                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           2150                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          2150                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       209883                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        13838                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          482                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          193                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          627                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        204431                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       204425                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12844                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       519058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       519058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       147251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       147251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             666309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     22098752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     22098752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      5246288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      5246288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            27345040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      4421228                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       4864417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.908511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.288304                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              445042      9.15%      9.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             4419375     90.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         4864417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.516682                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                516681596000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2820863571000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1666838                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1666838                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              253288170                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 770512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2039.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3400176267                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3400176267                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        50944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        64448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        59904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        85696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        80768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       117376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       246784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            741952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        50944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        85696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       117376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       290048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       683200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         683200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         3856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              11593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        10675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             10675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        98598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       124734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        69737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       115940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       165858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data       156321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       227173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       477633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1435995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        98598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        69737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       165858                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       227173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          561367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        1322284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1322284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        1322284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        98598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       124734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        69737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       115940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       165858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data       156321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       227173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       477633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             2758279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        23872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      7282752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         5824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      8691584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      6603904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        23424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     14754112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          37402368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        23872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         5824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        16896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        23424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        70016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     24496704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       24496704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       113793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       135806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       103186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       230533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             584412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       382761                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            382761                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        46203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     14095242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        11272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     16821935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst        32701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     12781380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        45335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     28555521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             72389588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        46203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        11272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        32701                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        45335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          135511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       47411606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            47411606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       47411606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        46203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     14095242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        11272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     16821935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst        32701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     12781380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        45335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     28555521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           119801194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     175                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    145429                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   15122     38.97%     38.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     20      0.05%     39.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    529      1.36%     40.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                   2223      5.73%     46.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  20912     53.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               38806                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    15122     46.00%     46.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      20      0.06%     46.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     529      1.61%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                    2223      6.76%     54.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   14981     45.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                32875                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            514868331000     99.65%     99.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1500000      0.00%     99.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               25921000      0.01%     99.66% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              417172500      0.08%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1344516500      0.26%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        516657441000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.716383                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.847163                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         2      0.37%      0.37% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       10      1.83%      2.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        2      0.37%      2.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.55%      3.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       95     17.43%     20.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                      433     79.45%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   545                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                 1692      3.31%      3.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2923      5.71%      9.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      21      0.04%      9.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                29907     58.42%     67.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1612      3.15%     70.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    6138     11.99%     82.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 638      1.25%     83.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      21      0.04%     83.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               8241     16.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 51193                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             9059                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               5913                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               5913                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 5913                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.652721                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.789874                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       88622903500     16.03%     16.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        464115202500     83.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    2923                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          5609997                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.253912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          277455971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5609997                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            49.457419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   510.253912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.996590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.880859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        571775258                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       571775258                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    197308971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      197308971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     79943933                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      79943933                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        62210                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        62210                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        64408                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        64408                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    277252904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       277252904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    277252904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      277252904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4203880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4203880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1452681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1452681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        15799                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15799                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13410                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13410                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5656561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       5656561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5656561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      5656561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    201512851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201512851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     81396614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81396614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        78009                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        78009                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        77818                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        77818                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    282909465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    282909465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    282909465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    282909465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.020862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.202528                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.202528                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.172325                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.172325                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5311764                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          5311764                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           530716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          913318313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           530716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1720.917238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1881052942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      1881052942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    939730397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      939730397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    939730397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       939730397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    939730397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      939730397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       530716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       530716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       530716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        530716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       530716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       530716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    940261113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    940261113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    940261113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    940261113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    940261113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    940261113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       530716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           530716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     329                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    139455                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   15532     40.50%     40.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    529      1.38%     41.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                   2208      5.76%     47.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  20081     52.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               38350                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    15532     46.36%     46.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     529      1.58%     47.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                    2208      6.59%     54.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   15234     45.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                33503                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            515463749500     99.68%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               25921000      0.01%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              416594000      0.08%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1227706000      0.24%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        517133970500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.758628                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.873611                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         3      0.54%      0.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        3      0.54%      1.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                      123     21.96%     23.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::75                      431     76.96%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   560                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                 1753      3.40%      3.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2901      5.63%      9.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                      21      0.04%      9.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                29311     56.93%     66.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1634      3.17%     69.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    6319     12.27%     81.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 672      1.31%     82.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      21      0.04%     82.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               8855     17.20%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 51487                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             8587                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               5945                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                633                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               5999                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 5945                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   54                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.698614                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.085308                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.791164                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        6037984000      1.08%      1.08% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        459417443500     82.22%     83.31% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         93280913500     16.69%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    2901                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          5689348                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          502.263300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          278474017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5689348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            48.946561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   502.263300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.980983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        574113447                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       574113447                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    197279855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      197279855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     81011612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      81011612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        64476                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        64476                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        65079                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        65079                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    278291467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       278291467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    278291467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      278291467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4311506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4311506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1433201                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1433201                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        14413                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        14413                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        13592                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13592                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      5744707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       5744707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      5744707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      5744707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    201591361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201591361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     82444813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     82444813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        78889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        78889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        78671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        78671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    284036174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    284036174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    284036174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    284036174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.182700                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.182700                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.172770                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.172770                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5392214                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          5392214                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           496479                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          913546418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           496479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1840.050471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1862811235                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      1862811235                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    930660899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      930660899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    930660899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       930660899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    930660899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      930660899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       496479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       496479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       496479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        496479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       496479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       496479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    931157378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    931157378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    931157378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    931157378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    931157378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    931157378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       496479                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           496479                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     943                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    151460                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   26607     44.52%     44.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    529      0.89%     45.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1821      3.05%     48.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  30805     51.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               59762                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    26607     48.22%     48.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     529      0.96%     49.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1821      3.30%     52.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   26226     47.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                55183                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            514619228500     99.60%     99.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               25921000      0.01%     99.61% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30              301766000      0.06%     99.66% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1734555000      0.34%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        516681470500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.851355                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.923379                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         3      0.24%      0.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       13      1.03%      1.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        8      0.63%      1.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                      196     15.49%     17.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::75                     1045     82.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  1265                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                 3779      4.93%      4.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2858      3.73%      8.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      21      0.03%      8.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                48719     63.57%     72.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   2327      3.04%     75.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    9026     11.78%     87.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                1450      1.89%     88.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                      21      0.03%     88.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               8443     11.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 76644                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            11884                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               8055                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               8055                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 8055                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.677802                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.807964                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      256537628000     49.65%     49.65% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        260143842500     50.35%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    2858                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          3274777                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          466.005724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          156031164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3274777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.646348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   466.005724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.910167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.910167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        321741579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       321741579                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    108108855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      108108855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     47582396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      47582396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        81276                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        81276                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        89114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        89114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    155691251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       155691251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    155691251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      155691251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2292913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2292913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1018518                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1018518                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        22557                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22557                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14548                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        14548                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3311431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       3311431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3311431                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      3311431                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    110401768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    110401768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     48600914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     48600914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       103833                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       103833                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       103662                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       103662                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    159002682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    159002682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    159002682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    159002682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.020769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.020957                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020957                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.217243                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.217243                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.140341                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.140341                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.020826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.020826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3042665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          3042665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           434120                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          546943798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           434120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1259.890809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1084327540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      1084327540                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    541512590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      541512590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    541512590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       541512590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    541512590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      541512590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       434120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       434120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       434120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        434120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       434120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       434120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    541946710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    541946710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    541946710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    541946710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    541946710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    541946710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       434120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           434120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     765                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    155294                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   17342     36.28%     36.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    529      1.11%     37.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                   4798     10.04%     47.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  25135     52.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               47804                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    17342     41.65%     41.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     529      1.27%     42.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                    4798     11.52%     54.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   18965     45.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                41634                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            514667521000     99.52%     99.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               25921000      0.01%     99.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              541914000      0.10%     99.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1892567500      0.37%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        517127923500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.754526                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.870931                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         4      1.09%      1.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                       23      6.27%      7.36% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.27%      7.63% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        5      1.36%      8.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                      204     55.59%     64.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::75                      130     35.42%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                   367                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                 1147      1.46%      1.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3718      4.73%      6.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                      21      0.03%      6.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                38856     49.46%     55.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1427      1.82%     57.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    5939      7.56%     65.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                1537      1.96%     67.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                      21      0.03%     67.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              25899     32.97%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 78565                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             9657                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               5112                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               5112                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 5112                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.529357                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.692261                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      171825023000     30.76%     30.76% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        386797496500     69.24%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    3718                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          2518250                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.563049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          158363613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2518250                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            62.886375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   505.563049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.987428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        324369973                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       324369973                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    120377047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      120377047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     37744450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      37744450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        86618                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        86618                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        88339                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        88339                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    158121497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       158121497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    158121497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      158121497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1767032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1767032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       809769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       809769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        18298                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        18298                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        16067                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        16067                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2576801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       2576801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2576801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      2576801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    122144079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    122144079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     38554219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     38554219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       104916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       104916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       104406                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       104406                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    160698298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    160698298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    160698298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    160698298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.014467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021003                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021003                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.174406                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.174406                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.153890                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.153890                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2169779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          2169779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           397720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          776911517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           397720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1953.413248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1568915924                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      1568915924                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    783861382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      783861382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    783861382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       783861382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    783861382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      783861382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       397720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       397720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       397720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        397720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       397720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       397720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    784259102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    784259102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    784259102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    784259102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    784259102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    784259102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       397720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           397720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               18941                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              18941                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        37756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        38126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   38126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       151024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       151349                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   151349                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      24812217                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     12419317                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       549012                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          312237                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       300973                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        11264                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 122                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            9572915                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               8989                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              8989                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     10703978                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       624256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           476785                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            60827                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          27002                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           87829                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2825055                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2825055                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        1027195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       8545598                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1383765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     16928580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1294881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     17187369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               36794595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     54595136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    701247981                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     51097728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    711600136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              1518540981                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          1810205                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          26573639                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.053845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.229027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                25162395     94.69%     94.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 1392050      5.24%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   18776      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                     418      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            26573639                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      13416409                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6715058                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       395480                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           93787                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        89079                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         4708                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            4932640                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               9952                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              9952                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5212444                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       559843                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           490054                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            53129                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          30615                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           83744                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1775158                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1775158                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         831840                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4100800                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1167781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      9939980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1055742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      7701826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               19865329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     46954304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    407335328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     42113408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    302402016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               798805056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          1155285                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          14519949                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.061878                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.243731                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                13631133     93.88%     93.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  879352      6.06%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    9276      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                     188      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            14519949                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements              189998                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           60747.600543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              16298593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              189998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               85.782971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 45422.578854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  2040.495789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  2040.412099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   398.232984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   269.475076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   722.551398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  4887.345570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   191.738066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  4774.770707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.693094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.031135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.031134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.006077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.004112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.011025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.074575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.072857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.926935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        63177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1939                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6676                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        53050                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964005                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           197322733                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          197322733                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     10703978                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     10703978                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       624256                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       624256                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           49                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            113                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1327576                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1286830                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total         2614406                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       529547                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       495825                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      1025372                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      4104432                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      4210397                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      8314829                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       529547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      5432008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       495825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      5497227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           11954607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       529547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      5432008                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       495825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      5497227                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          11954607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        26930                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        32467                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        59397                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11469                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10229                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        21698                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        96669                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       110911                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        207580                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1169                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          654                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1823                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       100432                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       106255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       206687                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       197101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       217166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total           416090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       197101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          654                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       217166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total          416090                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     10703978                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     10703978                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       624256                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       624256                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        26994                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        32516                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        59510                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        11476                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        10235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        21711                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1424245                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1397741                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2821986                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       530716                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       496479                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1027195                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4204864                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4316652                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      8521516                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       530716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5629109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       496479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      5714393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       12370697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       530716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5629109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       496479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      5714393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      12370697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997629                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998493                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998101                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999390                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999414                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999401                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.067874                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.079350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.073558                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002203                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001317                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.001775                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.023885                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.024615                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024255                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.035015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.038003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.033635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.035015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.038003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         150818                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              150818                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              358061                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           63409.427191                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               4501462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              358061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               12.571774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 38416.214496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   782.972720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  4712.992440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   744.526206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data 18752.721329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.586185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.011947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.071915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.011361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.286144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.967551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        60078                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9057                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        50308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.916718                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           106358764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          106358764                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5212444                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5212444                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       559843                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       559843                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           76                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           73                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            149                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       936396                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       598581                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total         1534977                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       432517                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       395520                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       828037                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2216798                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1567557                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      3784355                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       432517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3153194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       395520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2166138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            6147369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       432517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3153194                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       395520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2166138                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           6147369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9910                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        37568                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        47478                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10826                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        11168                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        21994                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        67310                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       167812                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        235122                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1603                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2200                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3803                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        82974                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       205379                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       288353                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       150284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       373191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           527278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1603                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       150284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       373191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          527278                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5212444                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5212444                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       559843                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       559843                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9986                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        37641                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        47627                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10836                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        11174                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        22010                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1003706                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       766393                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1770099                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       434120                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       397720                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       831840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2299772                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1772936                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4072708                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       434120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3303478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       397720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2539329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        6674647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       434120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3303478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       397720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2539329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       6674647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992389                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998061                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996872                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999463                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999273                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.067061                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.218963                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.132830                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003693                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005532                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.004572                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.036079                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.115841                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.070801                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.045493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.146964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.078997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.045493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.146964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         242650                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              242650                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            233957                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             18941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            18941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       157499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           39228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           78707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         43007                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         104666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           204605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          201455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       233835                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        98541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1094490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        18222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1211253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       103806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        19904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       123710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               1334963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1704064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     34113344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        71733                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     35889141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2121088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        79616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      2200704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               38089845                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         1659537                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          2268170                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.656548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.474861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 779007     34.35%     34.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                1489163     65.65%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            2268170                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            479595                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              9952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             9952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       389472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          139174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          137136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         45414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         164298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           417718                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          409655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       479595                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1462869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       125959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1588828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1093133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      1093133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               2681961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     45600576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      2204416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     47804992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     34112832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     34112832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               81917824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          131214                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          1719150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.056917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.231684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                1621301     94.31%     94.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  97849      5.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            1719150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       289314                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.159903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        30522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       289314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.105498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.070767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.008552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.095923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.981898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.441923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.255995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.248869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.947494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      5577313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      5577313                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       146824                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       146824                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        27051                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        32046                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        59097                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5353                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        11510                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        90956                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       107796                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       198752                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          373                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        89595                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        97382                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       187441                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       180551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       205178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total       386193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          373                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       180551                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       205178                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total       386193                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       146824                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       146824                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27051                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        32046                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        59097                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5353                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        11510                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        90959                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       107797                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       198756                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          373                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        89595                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        97382                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       187441                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       180554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       205179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total       386197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       180554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       205179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total       386197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999967                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999980                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       146822                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       146822                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        14828                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.104309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        14035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        14828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.946520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.229064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.412881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.012182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.632566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.817616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.389316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.125761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.039535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.238601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.819019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       455065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       455065                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6711                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6711                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1210                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5574                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         6784                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4732                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4794                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         9526                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          461                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          675                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1339                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9551                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1834                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12614                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        25338                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        26474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10012                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1834                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13289                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        26474                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6711                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6711                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1210                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5574                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         6784                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4732                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4794                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         9526                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          463                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          675                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1339                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9553                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1834                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12625                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        25351                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        26489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        26489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998243                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999791                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999129                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999487                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         6694                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         6694                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        14850                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    12.724906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs        14019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        14850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.944040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.983403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.454067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.974366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.659344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.653726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.373963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.028379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.123398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.041209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.228358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.795307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       454779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       454779                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6694                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6694                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1210                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5574                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         6784                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4732                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4794                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         9526                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          461                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          675                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1339                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9547                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1834                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        25325                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        26461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10008                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1834                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13280                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        26461                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6694                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6694                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1210                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5574                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         6784                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4732                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4794                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         9526                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          461                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          675                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1339                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1834                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        25338                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        26474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        26474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999581                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999287                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999487                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         6681                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         6681                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       289434                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.113435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs        30424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       289434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.105116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.772004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.213927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.117865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.423250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.263370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.257367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.944590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      5577261                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      5577261                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       146822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       146822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        27051                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        32046                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        59097                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5353                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        11510                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        90956                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       107796                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       198752                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          373                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        89594                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        97381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       187439                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       180550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       205177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       386191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          373                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       180550                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       205177                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       386191                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       146822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       146822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27051                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        32046                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        59097                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5353                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        11510                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        90956                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       107796                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       198752                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          373                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        89595                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        97382                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       187441                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       180551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       205178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       386193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       180551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       205178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       386193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999990                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       146822                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       146822                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           201548430                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             60985                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       199954180                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           81471964                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            12178                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       77721058                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           283020394                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             73163                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       277675238                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          928971410                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses            18312                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      928989722                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1033314979                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          940187950                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            940187950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    865239607                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses        385667                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             868047                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     69301521                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           865239607                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts               385667                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   1279022024                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    711759222                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads        64261                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes        64469                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            283149311                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          201651967                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          81497344                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      93079598.040814                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      940235380.959186                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.909921                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.090079                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 75379194                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     69468357      7.39%      7.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        585599197     62.28%     69.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          458655      0.05%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     69.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd         313438      0.03%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt          16971      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv           5090      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       201813224     21.46%     91.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       81503558      8.67%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       1082623      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         940261113                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           201628066                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses             55438                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       200037601                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           82521180                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses            11907                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       78574518                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           284149246                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses             67345                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       278612119                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          919578691                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses            17903                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      919596594                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1034268330                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          931090033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            931090033                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    858340120                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses        414151                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls             882012                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     67078006                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           858340120                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts               414151                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   1267951198                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    706230681                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads        74993                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes        75211                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            284271951                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          201725688                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          82546263                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      102277748.182367                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      931990581.817633                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.901111                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.098889                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 72754708                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     67678363      7.27%      7.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        577166911     61.98%     69.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult          492046      0.05%     69.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     69.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd         331862      0.04%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt          20467      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv           6058      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       201888057     21.68%     91.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       82551701      8.87%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess       1021913      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         931157378                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           110466220                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses             40183                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       107788133                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           48705098                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            14394                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       41461055                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           159171318                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses             54577                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       149249188                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          521325995                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses            18222                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      521344217                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1033364135                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          541892133                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            541892133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    504432225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses        234956                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             795886                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     35402656                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           504432225                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts               234956                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    748159503                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    419073696                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        53517                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes        53697                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            159279646                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          110545784                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          48733862                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      491399651.427493                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      541964483.572507                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.524466                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.475534                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 38399473                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     34856700      6.43%      6.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        346060317     63.86%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          276115      0.05%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd         175423      0.03%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt          14246      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv           4567      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       110812915     20.45%     90.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       48745074      8.99%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       1001353      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         541946710                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           122185018                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses             51097                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       120470155                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           38653472                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses             9255                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       36184909                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           160838490                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses             60352                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       156655064                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          774429876                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses            13368                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      774443244                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1034256612                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          784198750                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            784198750                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    750258091                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses        293649                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls             706730                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     40848595                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           750258091                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts               293649                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   1135528735                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    669695735                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads       123324                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes       124322                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            160978129                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          122300092                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          38678037                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      249306845.278298                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      784949766.721702                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.758951                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.241049                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 43163569                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     32011180      4.08%      4.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        589758476     75.20%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult          172070      0.02%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd         137077      0.02%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt          26771      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv           8683      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       122470507     15.62%     94.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       38684346      4.93%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess        989992      0.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         784259102                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         212779                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           9952                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          9952                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       153516                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        30134                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        70669                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        30833                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        86917                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        202973                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       199888                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       212779                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      1094480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      1094480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       125912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       125912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            1220392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     34112960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     34112960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      2202368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      2202368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            36315328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      1486624                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       1993726                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.643454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.478979                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              710856     35.65%     35.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             1282870     64.35%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         1993726                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.028044                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28044239000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2848907810000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               84639895                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 84639845                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              686719503                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 771536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    40.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3456518580                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3456518580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       101568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        43200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       267840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       529792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        16704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         6208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            966144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       101568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       267840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        16704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       386432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       106944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         106944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         8278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              15096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3621706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      1540423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        11411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        18257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      9550625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     18891295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       595630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       221365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             34450712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3621706                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        11411                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      9550625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       595630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        13779372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        3813404                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3813404                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        3813404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      3621706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      1540423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        11411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        18257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      9550625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     18891295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       595630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       221365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            38264115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       436032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        65856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     19601984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        45504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       121216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20276224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         1152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        65856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        70080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     12007424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12007424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         6813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       306281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         1894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             316816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       187616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            187616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        41078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     15548006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        50206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2348290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    698966515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       109541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1622579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        4322314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            723008529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        41078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2348290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       109541                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         2498909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      428160094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           428160094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      428160094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        41078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     15548006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        50206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2348290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    698966515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       109541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1622579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       4322314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1151168623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      32                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2461                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     653     38.62%     38.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      5.44%     44.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     29      1.71%     45.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.06%     45.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    916     54.17%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1691                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      651     45.75%     45.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      6.47%     52.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      29      2.04%     54.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.07%     54.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     650     45.68%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1423                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             27982622000     99.69%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.02%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1421000      0.01%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               77181500      0.27%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         28068236500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996937                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.709607                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.841514                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.18%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      3.11%      3.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1348     79.06%     82.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     62      3.64%     85.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.06%     86.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     221     12.96%     99.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.88%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.12%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1705                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              273                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.351648                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.521622                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       34360082000     99.78%     99.78% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      0.22%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            12856                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          444.543231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             242298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.125224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   444.543231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.868248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.868248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           479519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          479519                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       114339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         114339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       101610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        101610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1867                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1867                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       215949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          215949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       215949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         215949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7192                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7192                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          163                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          163                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         13138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        13138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       120285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       108802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       108802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2128                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2128                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2030                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       229087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       229087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       229087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       229087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.049433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.066102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.066102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.079417                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.079417                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.080296                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.080296                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.057349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.057349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8573                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8573                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4826                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           27211290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          5097.656426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1294948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1294948                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       640232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         640232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       640232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          640232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       640232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         640232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       645060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       645060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       645060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       645060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       645060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       645060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      30                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       527                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     123     26.23%     26.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     29      6.18%     32.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.21%     32.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    316     67.38%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 469                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      123     44.73%     44.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      29     10.55%     55.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.36%     55.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     122     44.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  275                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             27837398000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1421000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               15483500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27854467000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.386076                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.586354                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  409     82.29%     82.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     58     11.67%     93.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      30      6.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   497                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 30                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          472.131638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              37317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            62.612416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   472.131638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.922132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.922132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.839844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            30074                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           30074                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         9313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           9313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          5134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           81                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           81                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        14447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           14447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        14447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          14447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         5189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        14708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        14708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        14708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        14708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.010599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.096154                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.096154                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.213592                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.213592                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               62                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           17254530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         21223.284133                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            87637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           87637                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        43367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          43367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        43367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           43367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        43367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          43367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        43668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        43668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        43668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        43668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        43668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        43668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          301                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              301                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      26                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    127672                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   28898     49.61%     49.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      6      0.01%     49.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     29      0.05%     49.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     49.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  29317     50.33%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               58251                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    28898     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       6      0.01%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      29      0.05%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   28897     49.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                57831                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             25662394000     92.19%     92.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 429000      0.00%     92.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1421000      0.01%     92.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     92.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2172215000      7.80%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27836623500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.985674                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.992790                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.01%      0.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      0.01%      0.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                     11372     99.92%     99.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.02%     99.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.01%     99.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.01%     99.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.01%     99.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.01%     99.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::124                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                 11381                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   47      0.04%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                46766     44.77%     44.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   6194      5.93%     50.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     50.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   11449     10.96%     61.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys               11390     10.90%     72.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.00%     72.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              28593     27.38%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                104448                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            11497                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              11419                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              11420                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                11419                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.993303                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.996640                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       24641866000     88.75%     88.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          3122621000     11.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      47                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           689000                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.597508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           16840594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           689457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.425880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.597508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         35731981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        35731981                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      9677259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9677259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6644203                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6644203                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       250694                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       250694                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       257840                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       257840                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     16321462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        16321462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     16321462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       16321462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       471078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       471078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       210540                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       210540                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9283                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9283                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          508                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          508                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       681618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        681618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       681618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       681618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10148337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10148337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6854743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6854743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       259977                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       259977                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       258348                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       258348                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     17003080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17003080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     17003080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17003080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.046419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.030714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035707                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035707                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001966                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001966                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.040088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.040088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       360561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           360561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           858225                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           63166859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           858737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            73.557863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.998311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        111849878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       111849878                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     54637594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       54637594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     54637594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        54637594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     54637594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       54637594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       858230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       858230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       858230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        858230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       858230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       858230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     55495824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     55495824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     55495824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     55495824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     55495824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     55495824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.015465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.015465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.015465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       858225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           858225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      30                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1366                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     246     34.12%     34.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     29      4.02%     38.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.42%     38.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    443     61.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 721                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     47.04%     47.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      29      5.54%     52.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.57%     53.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     46.85%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  523                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             27836116000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1421000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               22800000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27860688500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.553047                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.725381                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.12%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58      7.04%      7.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.61%      7.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  592     71.84%     79.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     59      7.16%     86.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      98     11.89%     98.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.09%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.24%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   824                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              156                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.429487                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.600897                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       28354149500     99.97%     99.97% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.03%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          461.274298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              68839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.590706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   461.274298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.900926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.869141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           109512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          109512                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        31862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        18044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          567                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          567                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        49906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           49906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        49906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          49906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          721                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          721                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           53                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           53                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        33551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        18765                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18765                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          620                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          620                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        52316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        52316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.050341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038423                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038423                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.085484                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.085484                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.056818                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.056818                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.046066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.046066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1532                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            7202802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3523.875734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           364640                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          364640                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       180022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         180022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       180022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          180022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       180022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         180022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       181554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       181554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       181554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       181554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       181554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       181554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.008438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.008438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.008438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1532                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1532                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   122880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         17                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  623                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 623                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2526                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2526                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          162                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         3592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       122936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       122936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   126528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1927                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                17343                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               17343                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                7                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         37041                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18342                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1579                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5946                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5527                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          419                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              12012                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8635                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4147                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              305                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            185                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             490                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6942                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6942                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5129                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6331                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        41254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  56391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       560192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1385003                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        33472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        19824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1998491                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           728428                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            766106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.012043                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.113980                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  757299     98.85%     98.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    8388      1.09%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     419      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              766106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3104671                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1553355                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        72610                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           19672                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        18944                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          728                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  64                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            1341929                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       361805                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       812499                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           304195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1785                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            543                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            209476                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           209476                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         859762                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        482103                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2527845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2047190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         7096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                4586309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    106855360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     67183469                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       169344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       233984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               174442157                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           396945                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           3501619                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.047307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.213285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 3336707     95.29%     95.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  164174      4.69%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     738      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             3501619                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                6600                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           62087.313876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               8124784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               69983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs              116.096538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 37699.264257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   427.996637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   101.992000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data           20                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   983.980222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data 11373.198268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   190.364164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data 11170.518327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.575245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.006531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.001831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.173541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.170449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.947377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        63383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          766                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         4070                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6087                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        52453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.967148                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              300925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             300925                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8635                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8635                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4147                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         4147                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          861                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             864                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3222                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          296                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3518                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2782                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          138                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2920                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               7302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         3222                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3643                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          296                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          141                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              7302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          278                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          305                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          180                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6052                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6077                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1605                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1610                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3311                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3348                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            11035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1605                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9363                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           62                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           11035                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8635                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8635                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4147                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4147                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          278                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          305                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6913                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6941                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4827                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          301                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5128                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6093                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          175                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6268                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          18337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         18337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.875452                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.892857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.875522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.332505                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.016611                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.313963                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.543410                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.211429                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.534142                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.332505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.719899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.016611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.305419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.601789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.332505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.719899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.016611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.305419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.601789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4512                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4512                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              346693                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           65193.583859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               8630558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              409180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               21.092326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 32149.821237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1053.848401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data 30717.817868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   161.317443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1110.778911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.490567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.016080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.468717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.002462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.016949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.994775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        62487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        54133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1051                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953476                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            24818666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           24818666                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       361805                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       361805                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       812499                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       812499                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        50695                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           50920                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       853016                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1223                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       854239                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       293015                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1033                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       294048                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       853016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       343710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            1199207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       853016                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       343710                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           1199207                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1715                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1749                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          496                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          521                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       158110                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          440                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        158550                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5214                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          309                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         5523                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       187168                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          649                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       187817                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       345278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           351890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       345278                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          309                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1089                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          351890                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       361805                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       361805                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       812499                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       812499                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1715                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1753                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          496                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          521                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       208805                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          665                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       209470                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       858230                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1532                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       859762                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       480183                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1682                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       481865                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       858230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       688988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        1551097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       858230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       688988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       1551097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.894737                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997718                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.757214                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.661654                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.756910                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006075                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.201697                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.006424                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.389785                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.385850                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.389771                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.501138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.201697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.463997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.226865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.501138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.201697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.463997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         182875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              182875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             17798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8087                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6442                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        17182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        23815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        31592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        32091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        32563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         5781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 69936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       163840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       780800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2715                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       947355                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       961216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       962093                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       123328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       123328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                2032776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          729335                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           740591                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.941711                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.234288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  43168      5.83%      5.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 697423     94.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             740591                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 64                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            195905                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       189282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          145491                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           165383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          165376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       195841                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1001008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        34209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1035217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        29572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        29572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               1064789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     33242688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       963693                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     34206381                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1026432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      1026432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               35232813                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           31428                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           750102                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.041345                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.199087                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 719089     95.87%     95.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  31013      4.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             750102                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         8786                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.408016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         8802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.013860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.471412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.114920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.820923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.779463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.007182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.176308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       166231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       166231                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6416                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6416                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          911                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          913                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         5210                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2501                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         7711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7664                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         7711                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6416                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6416                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          911                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          913                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5193                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2471                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2501                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         7711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         7711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         6411                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         6411                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        13536                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.816114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        13549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.022585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.279107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.662148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    10.726324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.095208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.053327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.267444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.041384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.670395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.003333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       174650                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       174650                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1666                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1666                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          118                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          229                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          250                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1133                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1147                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4185                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7620                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          261                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        12221                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        13368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4185                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8753                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          261                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          169                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        13368                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1666                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1666                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          229                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1133                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4185                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7630                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          261                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        12231                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        13378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        13378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998689                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999182                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         1659                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         1659                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        13526                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.791082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        13539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.022158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.416361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.714170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    10.501321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.101126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.058104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.276023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.044636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.656333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.006320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.003632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       174503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       174503                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          118                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          229                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          250                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1133                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1147                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4185                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7616                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          261                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        12217                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        13364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4185                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8749                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          261                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          169                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        13364                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          229                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1133                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4185                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7620                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          261                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        12221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        13368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        13368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999673                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1655                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1655                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         8781                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.932628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         8797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.014778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.965272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.114734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.851872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.810330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.007171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.115742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.933289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       168106                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       168106                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6411                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6411                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          911                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          913                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         7130                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2501                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         9631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7664                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         1927                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         9631                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6411                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6411                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          911                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          913                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5193                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7130                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2471                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2501                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         9631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         1927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         9631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         6407                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         6407                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              122313                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             111265                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              233578                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             181971                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         182123                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                56136898                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             644578                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               644578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       620131                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              23041                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        59977                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              620131                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       867831                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       439389                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               234904                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             123336                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            111568                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      55491162.028599                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      645735.971401                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.011503                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.988497                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    88718                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        10586      1.64%      1.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           377646     58.54%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             839      0.13%     60.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.18%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.04%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          128043     19.85%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         111693     17.32%     97.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         14854      2.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            645060                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                9623                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits               5322                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               14945                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits               6283                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses           6283                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                55708904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts              43668                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                43668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses        41694                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               1834                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts         3011                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts               41694                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads        56724                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        33040                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                14975                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts               9623                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts              5352                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      55665561.316452                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      43342.683548                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000778                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999222                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                     5781                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass          265      0.61%      0.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            25906     59.32%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             160      0.37%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead            9839     22.53%     82.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite           5352     12.26%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          2146      4.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total             43668                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            10374988                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses             22527                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         2380860                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            7124508                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              386                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses         501452                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            17499496                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses             22913                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         2882312                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits            7043061                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              263                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses        7043324                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                55673011                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           55472899                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             55472899                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     53790869                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses         91284                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            1796671                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      5635109                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            53790869                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                91284                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     74240790                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     40459375                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        59031                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes        58983                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             17555983                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           10430905                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           7125078                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      588023.276700                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      55084987.723300                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.989438                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.010562                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  7829264                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass       625831      1.13%      1.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         36055206     64.97%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult           60378      0.11%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd          31726      0.06%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt          17480      0.03%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv           5841      0.01%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        10947220     19.73%     86.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        7133716     12.85%     98.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        618424      1.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          55495824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               33625                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               327                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              19307                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               52932                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              29886                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          30011                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                55721407                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             181168                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               181168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       173819                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               4575                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        19037                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              173819                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       232229                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       134026                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                54070                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              34510                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             19560                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      55540946.801744                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      180460.198256                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.003239                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.996761                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    25600                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         3065      1.69%      1.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           114127     62.86%     64.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             240      0.13%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.01%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           35791     19.71%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          19571     10.78%     95.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8733      4.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            181554                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              64                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14786                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            172                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           172                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8070                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6556                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1050                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          304                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1318                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8282                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8277                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14722                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        29591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        29591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        34182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        34182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              63773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      1026688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      1026688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       962605                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       962605                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1989293                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       738457                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        745334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.947379                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.223275                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               39220      5.26%      5.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2              706114     94.74%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          745334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
