
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000360                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   359906500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2275351811000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               58812052                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 58810555                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              103754476                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1374876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   203999122                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     203999122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst       111808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        68096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        67904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst       106816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        94976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            483264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       111808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       106816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       252288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       121152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         121152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               7551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1893                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1893                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst    310658463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data    189204696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst     93535404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data    188671224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst    296788194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data    263890761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1342748742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst    310658463                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst     93535404                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst    296788194                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       700982061                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      336620761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           336620761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      336620761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst    310658463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data    189204696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst     93535404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data    188671224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst    296788194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data    263890761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1679369503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst        11072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       104960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data         8576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       479104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            608576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        11072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        15872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       455360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         455360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         7486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               9509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         7115                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7115                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst     30763546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data    291631299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3378655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23828411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      9958142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data   1331190184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data       177824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1690928060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst     30763546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3378655                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      9958142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        44100343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1265217494                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1265217494                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1265217494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst     30763546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data    291631299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3378655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23828411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      9958142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data   1331190184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data       177824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2956145554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362685500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362850000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         450.855674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   450.280456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.575217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.879454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.880577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362685500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362850000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::kernel               0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::idle                 1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         443.855661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs                11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs            5.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   443.280798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     0.574863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.865783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.001123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse                483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.943359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362685500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362850000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         241.812051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   241.237542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     0.574509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.471167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.472289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.298828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362631500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362796000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         445.931916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   445.357761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.574155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.869839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.870961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.hwrei                      570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::0                    162     47.65%     47.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.29%     47.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::31                   177     52.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::total                340                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::0                     162     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::31                    161     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::total                 324                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::0              141290500     91.48%     91.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.11%     91.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::31              12994000      8.41%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::total          154449000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::31               0.909605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::total            0.952941                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::2                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::3                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::19                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::wripir                   1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpctx                  12      3.31%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::tbi                      1      0.28%      3.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpipl                 321     88.43%     92.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rdusp                    1      0.28%     92.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rti                     18      4.96%     97.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      2.48%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::total                  363                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::kernel              31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::user                17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::kernel                18                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::user                  17                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         62950000     75.80%     75.80% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::user           20102000     24.20%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.swap_context                     12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.replacements            4771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         464.678387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs             68294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            4771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           14.314399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    24.685796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   439.992591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.048214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.859361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.907575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          131389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses         131389                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         31425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25763                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        25763                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total          57188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total         57188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         4899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         4899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        34180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        27907                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27907                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total        62087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total        62087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.080603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.076827                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076827                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.175207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.175207                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.046358                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046358                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.078905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.078905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.078905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            2883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.icache.tags.replacements            2451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs            287168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs            2451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs          117.163607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    27.245468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst   484.753906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.053214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.946785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses          343866                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses         343866                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        168255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         168255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       168255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        168255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total         2452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       170707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       170707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       170707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.014364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total            2451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                      2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.hwrei                      790                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::0                     98     47.57%     47.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::30                     2      0.97%     48.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::31                   106     51.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::total                206                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::0                      98     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::30                      2      1.02%     51.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::31                     96     48.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::total                 196                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::0              355891500     98.06%     98.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::30                330500      0.09%     98.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::31               6724500      1.85%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362946500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::31               0.905660                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::total            0.951456                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::6                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::48                       1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::59                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::wripir                   1      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpctx                  58     20.86%     21.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::tbi                      4      1.44%     22.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpipl                 135     48.56%     71.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rdps                     1      0.36%     71.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rti                     69     24.82%     96.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      3.24%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.36%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::total                  278                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::kernel             127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::user                67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::kernel                67                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::user                  67                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.527559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.690722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1924436000     99.58%     99.58% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::user            8186500      0.42%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.swap_context                     58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.replacements            1956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         422.400936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs             39441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            1956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           20.164110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    60.890014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   361.510922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.118926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.706076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.890625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           82043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses          82043                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         23700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        12920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          456                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          456                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total          36620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total         36620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        25317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        13604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total        38921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total        38921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.063870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.050279                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050279                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.079832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.079832                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.040000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.059120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.059120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          917                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             917                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.icache.tags.replacements            1288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs            107905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           83.777174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   204.249848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst   307.750152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.398925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.601075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses          286330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses         286330                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         141233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        141233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total         1288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       142521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       142521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       142521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       142521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total            1288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.hwrei                     1220                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::0                    250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::30                     1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::31                   247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::total                498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::0                     248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::30                      1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::31                    247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::total                 496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::0              558589500     98.28%     98.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::30                112000      0.02%     98.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::31               9664000      1.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::total          568365500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::0                0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::31                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::total            0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::3                        1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::6                        1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::17                       1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::33                       1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::45                       3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::71                       4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::74                       1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.syscall::total                   12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::wripir                  15      2.57%      2.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpctx                  53      9.08%     11.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpipl                 397     67.98%     79.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rdps                     1      0.17%     79.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::wrusp                    1      0.17%     79.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rti                    100     17.12%     97.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::callsys                 15      2.57%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::imb                      2      0.34%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::total                  584                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::kernel             152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::user                97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::kernel                96                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::user                  97                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1710927500     95.77%     95.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::user           75503500      4.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.swap_context                     53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.replacements           12241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         422.566385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs            151633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           12241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           12.387305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   104.571456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   317.994928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.204241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.621084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          357061                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses         357061                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        77204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         77204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         157305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        157305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        12403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        12403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        86932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1279                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       169708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       169708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.067314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.078579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.119844                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.119844                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.024238                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024238                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.073084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.073084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.icache.tags.replacements            4461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.875816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs            332797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs            4461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           74.601435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   206.535523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst   305.340293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.403390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.596368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses          917215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses         917215                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       451913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        451913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       451913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         451913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       451913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        451913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total         4463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         4463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total         4463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       456376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       456376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       456376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       456376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total            4461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362685500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362850000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         358.189014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   357.044134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     1.144881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.697352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.699588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.697266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total            127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total           127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse                507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362685500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362850000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         369.104988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   367.960376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     1.144613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.718673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.720908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.525391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse                511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362685500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362850000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.replacements               1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         407.266996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs                15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  15                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   406.122737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     1.144258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.793208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.795443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362685500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362850000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         401.520432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   400.376528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     1.143904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.781985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.784220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362685500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362850000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         397.427424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   396.283874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     1.143550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.773992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.776225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.775391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362685500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362850000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         403.427411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   402.284215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     1.143196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.785711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.787944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.787109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total            129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total           129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362685500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362850000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         395.427399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   394.284557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     1.142841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.770087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.772319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.771484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total            127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total           127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.hwrei                        2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::30                     1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::total                  2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362685500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::30                164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362850000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::rti                      1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::total                    1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.replacements               2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         401.427386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs               119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   400.284899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     1.142487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.781806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.784038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses            284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           53                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           53                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total            128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total           128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.018519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.030303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.030303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse                425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses             740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses            740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total            370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total           370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                      1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.hwrei                        4                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::0                      1     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::30                     2     50.00%     75.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::31                     1     25.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::total                  4                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::0                       1     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::30                      2     50.00%     75.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::31                      1     25.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::total                   4                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::0              362640500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::30                195000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::31                 14500      0.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::total          362850000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::31                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::total                   1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::swpipl                   2     66.67%     66.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::rti                      1     33.33%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::total                    3                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::kernel               1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.swap_context                      0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.replacements               3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         443.990386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs               131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           43.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   440.565170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     3.425216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.860479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.006690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.867169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses            342                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           59                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total            148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total           148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           66                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total          158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total          158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.032609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.106061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.106061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.063291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.063291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total               1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse                431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.841797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses             920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses            920                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total            460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total           460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  34                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 34                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests            30                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           13                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2631                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1922                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          709                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                     59                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                    1120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            45237                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             44782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.088317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.420009                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   42136     94.09%     94.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1932      4.31%     98.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     362      0.81%     99.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                     109      0.24%     99.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                     243      0.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               44782                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         55359                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25500                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         6100                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           21632                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        17972                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         3660                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              18449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 22                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                22                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5616                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5905                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              290                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             81                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             371                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9371                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9371                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           8203                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10246                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        14574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        36739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  79745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       275648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       491536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       122688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       205848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       486080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1313088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 2895152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            56682                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            112026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.374931                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.738269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   82266     73.43%     73.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   21961     19.60%     93.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    4073      3.64%     96.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                    3009      2.69%     99.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                     717      0.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              112026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests            31                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2389                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1426                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          963                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                     62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                    1184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            54417                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             54372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.085761                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.477965                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   51970     95.58%     95.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                    1435      2.64%     98.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                     197      0.36%     98.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                     246      0.45%     99.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                     524      0.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               54372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests            48                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           27                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1038                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          133                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          905                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp                 17                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              21                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            17                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                     91                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                    1376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            43047                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             43067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.085123                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.561913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   42013     97.55%     97.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                     144      0.33%     97.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      16      0.04%     97.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                      86      0.20%     98.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                     808      1.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               43067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3030.069483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1117.627393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   447.997495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   573.442125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.002462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.272858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.108154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.109374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.108154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.140001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.739763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2625                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.678955                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                 176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses                176                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total                7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total               7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total             13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total            13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.538462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               19135                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3996.798959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 21634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               19135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.130598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1732.726166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    20.471661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.515195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst     2.285551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data     4.017760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst     0.270465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data     1.183851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst   356.107571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   371.025474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst   127.822936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   143.897777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst   440.681402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   761.793150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.423029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.004998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.008427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.000558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.000981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.000289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.086940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.090582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.031207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.107588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.185985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.975781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987793                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              438269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             438269                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5616                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         5616                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             44                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          195                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          411                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             697                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2737                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4011                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          994                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          811                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2395                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4200                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               8908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          532                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1189                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst          742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst         2737                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2806                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              8908                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          148                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          171                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1740                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6365                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          8656                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4191                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1818                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5847                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            18694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3558                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9623                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           18694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5616                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5616                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          215                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1935                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6776                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         9353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8202                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2812                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5653                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10047                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        12429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          27602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         2452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         1288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         4462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        12429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         27602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.795699                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.842105                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.795349                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977778                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.899225                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.858255                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.939345                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.925478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783034                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386598                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.510973                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.646515                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.487358                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.576331                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.581965                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.749526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.594424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.774238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.677270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.783034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.749526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.423913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.594424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.386598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.774238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.677270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           9025                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                9025                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                   2                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3692.824282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                     4                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                   2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                       2                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   648.019480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst           31                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           20                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst         1960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data  1031.232110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.572683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.158208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.007568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.004883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.478516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.251766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.901568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3690                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.900879                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses                 201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses                201                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total                7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total               7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total             13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total            13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.538462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            2091.902957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                     1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                       1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   543.713117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   253.429243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   436.617986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.571739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     0.570866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.132742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.104004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.061872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.034180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.029297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.041748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.106596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.000139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.510718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2092                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.510742                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses                 317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses                317                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total                 5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total             1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total               10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total              10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total             15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total            15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              6299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                34                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               34                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            65                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        21063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        21123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 21159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       643328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       643568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 644048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           31898                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            44768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.694358                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.460684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  13683     30.56%     30.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  31085     69.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              44768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             10038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            80                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        54765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        54765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 54765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1770480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1770480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1770480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           37548                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            73344                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.511426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  35834     48.86%     48.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  37510     51.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              73344                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                    40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total          480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                    480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           54527                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            54359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999558                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                     24      0.04%      0.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  54335     99.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              54359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              3192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            52                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             35                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6733                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        29301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total        29301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 29369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total          672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      1064704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      1064704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1065376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           23290                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            43050                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.540046                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  19801     46.00%     46.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  23249     54.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              43050                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse     6.169188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.168499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     0.000689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.323031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.385574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.375000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses           26                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses           26                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        18977                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.656734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           73                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        18977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.003847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.011039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.000249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.828958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.783431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.639745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.792102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.881775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     3.717415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.438190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.048964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.039984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.049506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.117611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.232338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       313120                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       313120                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9025                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9025                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          229                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1736                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          546                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         8596                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1818                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10035                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        18631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1317                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9569                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        18631                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9025                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9025                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          229                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         8598                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1818                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          771                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3258                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10038                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        18636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        18636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.998172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999842                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999767                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999079                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999701                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         9019                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         9019                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements            4                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.285962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs            1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs            4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.428281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data     0.428263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     8.856727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.572683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.026768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.125000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.026766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.553545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.035793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses          143                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses          143                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    10.000486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.000474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.625000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.625030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses          102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses          102                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total            6                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         8168                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.815412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           28                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         8168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.003428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.005064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.003880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.056588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     1.184520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.875682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     1.099147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.898585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     1.689736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.375316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.128537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.074033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.054730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.068697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.181162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.105609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       118509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       118509                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          437                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          914                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1867                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          960                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          777                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6292                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         8159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1397                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1129                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1691                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         8159                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          437                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          516                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          915                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          960                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          777                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6293                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         8161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst          526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst         1669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         8161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.998907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.998371                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1893                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1893                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        10284                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.706928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs            4                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        10284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.537491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.002184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.000347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.137127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.308921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.070802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.362712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     0.095851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     4.191493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.658593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.008570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.019308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.004425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.022670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.261968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       170439                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       170439                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7118                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7118                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5035                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         6338                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2464                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3183                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         9521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7499                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         9521                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7118                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7118                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5036                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6340                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          365                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2464                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3183                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         9523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999801                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         7115                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         7115                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles             4550291673                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus00.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus00.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_idle_cycles     4547959042.688139                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.num_busy_cycles     2332630.311861                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus00.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles             4550291758                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus01.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus01.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_idle_cycles     4547959127.644565                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.num_busy_cycles     2332630.355435                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus01.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles             4550291843                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus02.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus02.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_idle_cycles     4547959212.600991                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.num_busy_cycles     2332630.399009                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus02.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles             4550291928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus03.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus03.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_idle_cycles     4547959297.557417                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.num_busy_cycles     2332630.442583                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus03.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits              34671                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses               90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses           8140                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits             28493                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses              15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_acv                  7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses          4587                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_hits              63164                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_misses              105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_acv                   7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_accesses          12727                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_hits             43548                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_misses              94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_accesses         43642                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                 308204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            170595                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              170595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_alu_accesses       164777                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_alu_accesses          245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_func_calls              4341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus04.num_conditional_control_insts        17805                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_insts             164777                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_insts                 245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_reads       227304                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_writes       116759                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_mem_refs               63428                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus04.num_load_insts             34875                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_store_insts            28553                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_idle_cycles     235072.168464                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.num_busy_cycles     73131.831536                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus04.not_idle_fraction       0.237284                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.idle_fraction           0.762716                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.Branches                   23485                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::No_OpClass         2828      1.66%      1.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntAlu           99803     58.46%     60.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntMult            169      0.10%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatAdd            30      0.02%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemRead          35828     20.99%     81.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemWrite         28833     16.89%     98.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IprAccess         3216      1.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::total           170707                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits              25247                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses              326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_acv                  12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses           1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits             13974                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses              38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_acv                  9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses           875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_hits              39221                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_misses              364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_acv                  21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_accesses           2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_hits             23169                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_misses             125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_accesses         23294                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles             4550292207                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            142136                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              142136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_alu_accesses       136789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_alu_accesses          297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_func_calls              2883                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus05.num_conditional_control_insts        17898                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_insts             136789                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_insts                 297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_reads       181272                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_writes       103637                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_mem_refs               40329                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus05.num_load_insts             26131                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_store_insts            14198                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_idle_cycles     3648569287.614184                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.num_busy_cycles     901722919.385816                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus05.not_idle_fraction       0.198168                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.idle_fraction           0.801832                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.Branches                   21878                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::No_OpClass         2791      1.96%      1.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntAlu           91808     64.42%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntMult            111      0.08%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatAdd            25      0.02%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatDiv             3      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemRead          27178     19.07%     85.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemWrite         14207      9.97%     95.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IprAccess         6398      4.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::total           142521                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits              83593                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses              372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses          34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits             88152                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses             106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_acv                  5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses         15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_hits             171745                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_misses              478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_acv                   5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_accesses          49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_hits            162061                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_misses             152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_accesses        162213                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles             4550703623                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            455893                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              455893                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_alu_accesses       438900                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_alu_accesses         3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_func_calls              8667                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus06.num_conditional_control_insts        48447                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_insts             438900                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_insts                3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_reads       630648                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_writes       298010                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_mem_refs              172871                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus06.num_load_insts             84433                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_store_insts            88438                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_idle_cycles     1664510853.174583                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.num_busy_cycles     2886192769.825417                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus06.not_idle_fraction       0.634230                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.idle_fraction           0.365770                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.Branches                   60008                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::No_OpClass         9717      2.13%      2.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntAlu          260547     57.09%     59.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntMult            513      0.11%     59.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatAdd          1172      0.26%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatDiv           227      0.05%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemRead          86680     18.99%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemWrite         88517     19.40%     98.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IprAccess         9003      1.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::total           456376                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles             4550292183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus07.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus07.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_idle_cycles     4547959552.426696                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.num_busy_cycles     2332630.573304                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus07.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles             4550292268                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus08.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus08.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_idle_cycles     4547959637.383122                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.num_busy_cycles     2332630.616878                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus08.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles             4550292353                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus09.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus09.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_idle_cycles     4547959722.339548                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.num_busy_cycles     2332630.660452                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus09.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles             4550292438                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus10.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus10.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_idle_cycles     4547959807.295975                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.num_busy_cycles     2332630.704026                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus10.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles             4550292523                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus11.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus11.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_idle_cycles     4547959892.252400                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.num_busy_cycles     2332630.747599                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus11.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles             4550292608                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus12.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus12.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_idle_cycles     4547959977.208827                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.num_busy_cycles     2332630.791173                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus12.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles             4550292693                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus13.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus13.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_idle_cycles     4547960062.165253                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.num_busy_cycles     2332630.834747                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus13.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                 82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_hits                141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_hits                79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_accesses            79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles             4550292778                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts               370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps                 370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_func_calls                12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus14.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_insts                351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_mem_refs                 142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus14.num_load_insts                82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_store_insts               60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_idle_cycles     4547960147.121679                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.num_busy_cycles     2332630.878321                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus14.not_idle_fraction       0.000513                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.idle_fraction           0.999487                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.Branches                      48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntAlu             200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemRead             91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemWrite            60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IprAccess           17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::total              370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                 97                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                72                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_hits                169                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_hits                97                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_accesses            97                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles             4550292953                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts               460                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps                 460                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_alu_accesses          433                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_func_calls                16                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus15.num_conditional_control_insts           36                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_insts                433                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_insts                   0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_reads          580                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_writes          323                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_mem_refs                 170                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus15.num_load_insts                97                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_store_insts               73                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_idle_cycles     4547391387.649522                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.num_busy_cycles     2901565.350478                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus15.not_idle_fraction       0.000638                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.idle_fraction           0.999362                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.Branches                      60                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntAlu             251     54.57%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemRead            108     23.48%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemWrite            74     16.09%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IprAccess           25      5.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::total              460                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10050                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             30                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            30                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9020                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5902                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          305                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           97                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          285                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8614                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8596                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10050                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        22221                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        30677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        52898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           27                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              52979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       651248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      1118528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1769776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total          544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1770864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        18499                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         54356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.340091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.473744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               35870     65.99%     65.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               18486     34.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           54356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                538.544086                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                538544086213000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               540819799916000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 633696                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   633696                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              310920068                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1411740                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                               1732098.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                1097624395160                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                  1097624395160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst       429760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       544960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst       202112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       573440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst      6588928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data     15719552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst       409536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       401856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst        70720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       253696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst       170880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       974144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data         9856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst        63232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       185280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst       235776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1113472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst        89024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        79104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst        77504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       176704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst        94400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       181824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst       158848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1105920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst       264320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1724160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst        93376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       182720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst       129344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       252160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        26688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          32587328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       429760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       202112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      6588928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       409536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        70720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       170880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        63232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       235776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        89024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        77504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        94400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       158848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       264320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        93376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       129344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      9081792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     11686144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11686144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst         6715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         8515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst         3158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         8960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst       102952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data       245618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst         6399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         6279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst         1105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst         2670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        15221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst          988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst         3684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        17398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst         1475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst         2482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        17280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst         4130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        26940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst         1459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst         2021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::tsunami.ide          417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             509177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       182596                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            182596                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst          798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data         1012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst          375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data         1065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        12235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data        29189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst          760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data          746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst          131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data          471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst          317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data         1809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst          117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data          344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst          438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data         2068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst          165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data          147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst          144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data          328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst          175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst          295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data         2054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst          491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data         3202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst          173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data          339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst          240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data          468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::tsunami.ide             50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                60510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst          798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst          375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        12235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst          760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst          131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst          317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst          117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst          438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst          165                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst          144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst          175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst          295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst          491                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst          173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst          240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           16864                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks          21700                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               21700                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks          21700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst          798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data         1012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst          375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data         1065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        12235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data        29189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst          760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data          746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst          131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data          471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst          317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data         1809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst          117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data          344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst          438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data         2068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst          165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data          147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst          144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data          328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst          175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst          295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data         2054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst          491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data         3202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst          173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data          339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst          240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data          468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::tsunami.ide            50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total               82210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst        66816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2265344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst        95936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2461184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1107648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data     35533568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst        90688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      3410368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1264384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst       204160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      3856192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       761792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst        32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1287680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst       192384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4044864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       996224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst        39808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1290816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst        18496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1316672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst       199040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4343616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst       365056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      6500800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst        35456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1526592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2833792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     10067392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          86227968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        66816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        95936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1107648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        90688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        11776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       204160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       192384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        39808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        18496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       199040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       365056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        35456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total      2466688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks     36297408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       36297408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst         1044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        35396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst         1499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        38456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst        17307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data       555212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst         1417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        53287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst          184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        19756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst         3190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        60253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        11903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst          514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        20120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst         3006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        63201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        15566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst          622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        20169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst          289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        20573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst         3110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        67869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst         5704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data       101575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst          554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        23853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        44278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide       157303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            1347312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks       567147                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            567147                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst          124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data         4206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst          178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data         4570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data        65981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst          168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data         6333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst           22                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data         2348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst          379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data         7160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data         1415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data         2391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst          357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data         7511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst           74                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data         2397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data         2445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data         8065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst          678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data        12071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst           66                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data         2835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data         5262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide          18694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               160113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst          124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst          178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2057                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst          168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst           22                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst          379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst           61                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst          357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst           74                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst          678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst           66                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total            4580                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks          67399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               67399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks          67399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst          124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data         4206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst          178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data         4570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst         2057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data        65981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst          168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data         6333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst           22                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data         2348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst          379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data         7160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data         1415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data         2391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst          357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data         7511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data         1850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst           74                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data         2397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data         2445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst          370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data         8065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst          678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data        12071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst           66                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data         2835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data         5262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide         18694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              227512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu00.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu00.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                 551538                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.hwrei                 13372341                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::0                3097565     27.21%     27.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::21                   251      0.00%     27.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      4.84%     32.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::30                   205      0.00%     32.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::31               7733782     67.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_count::total           11383272                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::0                 3097565     45.91%     45.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::21                    251      0.00%     45.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469      8.17%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::30                    205      0.00%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::31                3097382     45.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_good::total             6746872                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538074167983000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::21              18765500      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::30              32491000      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::31          442592595000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543833815500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::21                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::31               0.400500                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.ipl_used::total            0.592701                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::wripir                  38      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::swpctx                2146      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::swpipl             9397046     73.30%     73.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::rdps               1103025      8.60%     81.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::rti                1434303     11.19%     93.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::callsys             882377      6.88%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::rdunique               206      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.callpal::total             12819141                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::kernel         1436449                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::user            882445                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::kernel            882445                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::user              882445                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.614324                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.761091                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel     161215403500     87.25%     87.25% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::user        23557682000     12.75%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu00.kern.swap_context                   2146                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.replacements         9009503                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         505.978446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs         562726455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         9010011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           62.455690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data     0.016676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   505.961769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.988207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1157745666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1157745666                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data    359093722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     359093722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data    195796790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    195796790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2777565                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      2777565                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3202393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      3202393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data    554890512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total      554890512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data    554890512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total     554890512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data      9081026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9081026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data      1077651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1077651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data      1437813                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total      1437813                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data      1012421                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total      1012421                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data     10158677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total     10158677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data     10158677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total     10158677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data    368174748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    368174748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data    196874441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    196874441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4215378                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      4215378                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4214814                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      4214814                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data    565049189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total    565049189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data    565049189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total    565049189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.024665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005474                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005474                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341088                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.341088                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.240205                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.240205                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.017978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.017978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1670731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         1670731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.icache.tags.replacements         5025588                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs        1674514225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         5026100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs          333.163730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst     1.112821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst   510.887179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.002173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.997827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses      3363913090                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses     3363913090                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst   1674418163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1674418163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst   1674418163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total     1674418163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst   1674418163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total    1674418163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst      5025588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5025588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst      5025588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      5025588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst      5025588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      5025588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst   1679443751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1679443751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst   1679443751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total   1679443751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst   1679443751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total   1679443751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.002992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.002992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.002992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5025588                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         5025588                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu01.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu01.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                 551546                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.hwrei                 10989750                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::0                2661404     28.29%     28.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      5.86%     34.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::30                   183      0.00%     34.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::31               6194230     65.85%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_count::total            9407286                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::0                 2661404     45.31%     45.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469      9.39%     54.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::30                    183      0.00%     54.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::31                2661238     45.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_good::total             5874294                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538217762498000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::30              30068500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::31          299018986500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543833534000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::31               0.429632                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.ipl_used::total            0.624441                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu01.kern.syscall::71                       1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu01.kern.syscall::73                       1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu01.kern.syscall::74                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu01.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::wripir                  66      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::swpctx                1809      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::swpipl             7854640     75.45%     75.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::rdps               1102946     10.60%     86.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::rti                1000994      9.62%     95.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::callsys             449339      4.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::rdunique               216      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.callpal::total             10410010                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::kernel          450343                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::user            449408                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch::idle            552460                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::kernel            450280                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::user              449408                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_good::idle                 872                      
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999860                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle     0.001578                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.620130                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      50497910500      0.01%      0.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::user        36342511500      0.01%      0.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.mode_ticks::idle       538228026982500     99.98%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu01.kern.swap_context                   1809                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.replacements         7945990                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         488.753618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs         417611977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         7946485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           52.553044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    2307617290500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data     0.017080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   488.736537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.954564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.954597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       872355963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses      872355963                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data    275479865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     275479865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data    141168424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    141168424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1558416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1558416                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1542639                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1542639                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data    416648289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total      416648289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data    416648289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total     416648289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data      9549617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9549617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       539360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       539360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       563122                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       563122                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       578510                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       578510                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data     10088977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total     10088977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data     10088977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total     10088977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data    285029482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    285029482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data    141707784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    141707784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2121538                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2121538                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2121149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2121149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data    426737266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total    426737266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data    426737266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total    426737266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.033504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.265431                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.265431                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.272734                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.272734                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.023642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.023642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       650875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total          650875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.icache.tags.replacements         4010195                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.997493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs        1346151138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs         4010707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs          335.639362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    2375034967000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst     0.111172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst   511.886321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.000217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2700501932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses     2700501932                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst   1344235630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1344235630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst   1344235630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total     1344235630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst   1344235630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total    1344235630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst      4010224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4010224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst      4010224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total      4010224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst      4010224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total      4010224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst   1348245854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1348245854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst   1348245854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total   1348245854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst   1348245854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total   1348245854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4010195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total         4010195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu02.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu02.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                   1157                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.hwrei              13982340911                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::0             4659784665     49.98%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::21                   349      0.00%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      0.01%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::30                    32      0.00%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::31            4663289243     50.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_count::total         9323625758                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::0              4659784602     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::21                    349      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::30                     32      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::31             4659784586     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_good::total          9320121038                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::0           419438495523500     77.88%     77.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::21              24953500      0.00%     77.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     77.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::30               4753000      0.00%     77.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::31          119078747511500     22.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538544294722500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::0                1.000000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::21                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::31               0.999248                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.ipl_used::total            0.999624                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::3                     2394     87.69%     87.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::4                        8      0.29%     87.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::6                       68      2.49%     90.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::17                      27      0.99%     91.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::45                      69      2.53%     93.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::54                       1      0.04%     94.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::71                      81      2.97%     97.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::73                      62      2.27%     99.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::74                      17      0.62%     99.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::144                      1      0.04%     99.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::256                      1      0.04%     99.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::257                      1      0.04%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.syscall::total                 2730                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::wripir                1883      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::swpctx                2263      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::tbi                      3      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::swpipl          4664960518     33.36%     33.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rdps               1104597      0.01%     33.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::wrusp                    1      0.00%     33.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rti             4658113392     33.32%     66.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::callsys         4657560413     33.31%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::imb                      2      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::rdunique             34369      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::wrunique                 1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.callpal::total          13981777442                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::kernel      4658115654                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::user        4657739296                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::kernel        4657739296                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::user          4657739296                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999919                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999960                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel     484893589245500     90.04%     90.04% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::user       53651496326500      9.96%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu02.kern.swap_context                   2263                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.replacements         3152663                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         490.585354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs      291432020448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         3153155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs        92425.529493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data     0.000048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   490.585306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.958174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses    969428292801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses   969428292801                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data 251715574375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total  251715574375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data 223673709816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total 223673709816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data   4659350894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total   4659350894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data   4659229639                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total   4659229639                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data 475389284191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total   475389284191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data 475389284191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total  475389284191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data      3372085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3372085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       829641                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       829641                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        15805                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15805                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       130346                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       130346                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data      4201726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      4201726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data      4201726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      4201726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data 251718946460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total 251718946460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data 223674539457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total 223674539457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data   4659366699                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total   4659366699                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data   4659359985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total   4659359985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data 475393485917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total 475393485917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data 475393485917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total 475393485917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000003                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000028                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1230938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total         1230938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.icache.tags.replacements         3951551                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs      707498938468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3952063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs        179020.156933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst     0.000148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst   511.999852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses    2153744048391                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses   2153744048391                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst 1076866096869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total  1076866096869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst 1076866096869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total   1076866096869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst 1076866096869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total  1076866096869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst      3951551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3951551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst      3951551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total      3951551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst      3951551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total      3951551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst 1076870048420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total 1076870048420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst 1076870048420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total 1076870048420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst 1076870048420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total 1076870048420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3951551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total         3951551                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu03.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu03.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                 551579                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.hwrei                 11599215                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::0                2873527     29.23%     29.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      5.61%     34.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::30                   209      0.00%     34.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::31               6405349     65.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_count::total            9830554                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::0                 2873525     45.62%     45.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469      8.76%     54.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::30                    209      0.00%     54.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::31                2873335     45.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_good::total             6298538                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538212171607500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::30              36291000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::31          304603569500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543833449000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::0                0.999999                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::31               0.448584                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.ipl_used::total            0.640710                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu03.kern.syscall::3                       77     86.52%     86.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu03.kern.syscall::6                        2      2.25%     88.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu03.kern.syscall::45                       3      3.37%     92.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu03.kern.syscall::71                       4      4.49%     96.63% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu03.kern.syscall::73                       3      3.37%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu03.kern.syscall::total                   89                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::wripir                 171      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::swpctx                1998      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::tbi                      1      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::swpipl             8067074     73.03%     73.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::rdps               1102986      9.99%     83.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::rti                1211803     10.97%     94.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::callsys             660036      5.98%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.00%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::rdunique              1451      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.callpal::total             11045521                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::kernel         1213801                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::user            660185                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::kernel            660185                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::user              660185                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.543899                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.704578                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel     150968212500     85.31%     85.31% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::user        25988540500     14.69%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu03.kern.swap_context                   1998                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.replacements         7712907                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         482.425453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs         432839920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         7713396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           56.115350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     0.000509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   482.424944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.942236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.942237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          489                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.955078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       902531692                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses      902531692                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data    282124424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     282124424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data    149619291                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    149619291                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1565226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1565226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1549211                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1549211                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data    431743715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total      431743715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data    431743715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total     431743715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data      9188714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9188714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       535383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       535383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       773616                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       773616                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       789051                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       789051                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data      9724097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total      9724097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data      9724097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total      9724097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data    291313138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    291313138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data    150154674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    150154674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2338842                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2338842                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2338262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2338262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data    441467812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total    441467812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data    441467812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total    441467812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.031542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330769                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.330769                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.337452                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.337452                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       639158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          639158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.icache.tags.replacements         4093869                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs        1365959839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs         4094381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs          333.618156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst     0.000297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst   511.999703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2744090413                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses     2744090413                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst   1365904403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1365904403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst   1365904403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total     1365904403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst   1365904403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total    1365904403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst      4093869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4093869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst      4093869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total      4093869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst      4093869                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total      4093869                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst   1369998272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1369998272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst   1369998272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total   1369998272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst   1369998272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total   1369998272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4093869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total         4093869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu04.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu04.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                 551507                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.hwrei                 12263469                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::0                3095078     30.12%     30.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      5.37%     35.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::30                   183      0.00%     35.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::31               6627775     64.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_count::total           10274505                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::0                 3095078     45.91%     45.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469      8.18%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::30                    183      0.00%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::31                3094916     45.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_good::total             6741646                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538206708207500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::30              30039500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::31          310073178500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543833406500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::31               0.466962                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.ipl_used::total            0.656153                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::wripir                  35      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpctx                1801      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::swpipl             8288328     70.78%     70.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rdps               1102942      9.42%     80.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rti                1434526     12.25%     92.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::callsys             882873      7.54%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::rdunique               134      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.callpal::total             11710639                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::kernel         1436327                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::user            882943                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::kernel            882943                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::user              882943                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.614723                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.761397                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel     153080689500     86.66%     86.66% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::user        23555984000     13.34%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu04.kern.swap_context                   1801                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.replacements         7810569                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         478.284307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs         453445638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         7811052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           58.051801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.000049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   478.284258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.934149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.934149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       945015328                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses      945015328                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data    292370696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     292370696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data    159786809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    159786809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1558298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1558298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1542271                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1542271                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data    452157505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total      452157505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data    452157505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total     452157505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data      9396657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9396657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       517088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       517088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       996643                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       996643                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data      1012217                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total      1012217                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data      9913745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total      9913745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data      9913745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total      9913745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data    301767353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    301767353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data    160303897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    160303897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2554941                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2554941                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2554488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2554488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data    462071250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total    462071250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data    462071250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total    462071250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.031139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.390085                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.390085                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.396250                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.396250                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       505248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          505248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.icache.tags.replacements         3977193                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs        1408717041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3977705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs          354.153222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.000044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst   511.999956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2829273693                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses     2829273693                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst   1408671057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1408671057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst   1408671057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total     1408671057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst   1408671057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total    1408671057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst      3977193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3977193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst      3977193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total      3977193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst      3977193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total      3977193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst   1412648250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1412648250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst   1412648250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total   1412648250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst   1412648250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total   1412648250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3977193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total         3977193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu05.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu05.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                 551574                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.hwrei                  9708002                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::0                2212461     26.00%     26.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      6.48%     32.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::30                   209      0.00%     32.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::31               5745325     67.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_count::total            8509464                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::0                 2212461     44.46%     44.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469     11.08%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::30                    209      0.00%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::31                2212279     44.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_good::total             4976418                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538229093683500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::30              33207000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::31          287684492500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543833364000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::31               0.385057                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.ipl_used::total            0.584810                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::71                       1     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::73                       2     50.00%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::74                       1     25.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.syscall::total                    4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::wripir                 104      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpctx                1887      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::tbi                      1      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::swpipl             7405986     81.71%     81.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rdps               1102954     12.17%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rti                 551803      6.09%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::callsys                122      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::rdunique               425      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.callpal::total              9063283                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::kernel          553690                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::user               221                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::kernel               221                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::user                 221                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.000399                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.000798                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel     104218137500     59.01%     59.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::user        72380194000     40.99%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu05.kern.swap_context                   1887                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.replacements        10486436                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         488.039424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs         389321304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        10486930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.124431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   488.039424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.953202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       822010538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses      822010538                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data    264187226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     264187226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data    124774277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    124774277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1559433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1559433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1543044                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1543044                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data    388961503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total      388961503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data    388961503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total     388961503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data     11923687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     11923687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       588946                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       588946                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       114174                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       114174                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       130016                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       130016                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data     12512633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total     12512633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data     12512633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total     12512633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data    276110913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    276110913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data    125363223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    125363223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1673607                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1673607                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1673060                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1673060                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data    401474136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total    401474136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data    401474136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total    401474136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.043184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004698                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004698                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.068220                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.068220                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.077711                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.077711                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.031167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.031167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1168072                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total         1168072                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.icache.tags.replacements         4086634                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs        1323018858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs         4087146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs          323.702373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst     1.010143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst   510.989857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.001973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.998027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2658208924                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses     2658208924                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst   1322974511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1322974511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst   1322974511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total     1322974511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst   1322974511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total    1322974511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst      4086634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4086634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst      4086634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total      4086634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst      4086634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total      4086634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst   1327061145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1327061145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst   1327061145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total   1327061145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst   1327061145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total   1327061145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.003079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.003079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.003079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4086634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total         4086634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu06.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu06.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                 551606                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.hwrei                  9612535                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::0                2211901     26.00%     26.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      6.48%     32.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::30                   137      0.00%     32.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::31               5744444     67.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_count::total            8507951                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::0                 2211901     44.46%     44.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469     11.08%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::30                    137      0.00%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::31                2211764     44.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_good::total             4975271                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538229422220000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::30              22536500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::31          287366584000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543833321500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::31               0.385027                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.ipl_used::total            0.584779                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpctx                1646      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::swpipl             7404739     81.72%     81.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rdps               1102938     12.17%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::rti                 551606      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.callpal::total              9060929                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::kernel          553252                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::user                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::kernel                 0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::user                   0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::user                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu06.kern.swap_context                   1646                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.replacements         7768116                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         469.368570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs         357244178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         7768591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           45.985711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   469.368570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.916735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.916735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.927734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       749963063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses      749963063                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data    239836720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     239836720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data    117046399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    117046399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1558544                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1558544                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1542718                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1542718                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data    356883119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total      356883119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data    356883119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total     356883119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data      9375759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9375759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       509674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       509674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       112445                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       112445                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       127896                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       127896                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data      9885433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total      9885433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data      9885433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total      9885433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data    249212479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    249212479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data    117556073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    117556073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1670989                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1670989                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1670614                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1670614                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data    366768552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total    366768552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data    366768552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total    366768552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.037622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004336                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004336                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.067292                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.067292                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.076556                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.076556                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       499453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total          499453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.icache.tags.replacements         3969062                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs        1177478414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3969574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs          296.625888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2366762298                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses     2366762298                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst   1177427556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1177427556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst   1177427556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total     1177427556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst   1177427556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total    1177427556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst      3969062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3969062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst      3969062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total      3969062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst      3969062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total      3969062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst   1181396618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1181396618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst   1181396618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total   1181396618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst   1181396618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total   1181396618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.003360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.003360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.003360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3969062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total         3969062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu07.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu07.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                 551513                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.hwrei                 12262993                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::0                3094834     30.12%     30.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      5.37%     35.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::30                   186      0.00%     35.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::31               6627609     64.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_count::total           10274098                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::0                 3094834     45.91%     45.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469      8.18%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::30                    186      0.00%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::31                3094667     45.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_good::total             6741156                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538206739175500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::30              30437000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::31          310041631500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543833225000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::31               0.466936                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.ipl_used::total            0.656131                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::wripir                  21      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::swpctx                1807      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::tbi                      1      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::swpipl             8287967     70.78%     70.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::rdps               1102945      9.42%     80.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::rti                1434477     12.25%     92.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::callsys             882822      7.54%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::rdunique               141      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.callpal::total             11710182                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::kernel         1436284                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::user            882888                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::kernel            882888                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::user              882888                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.614703                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.761382                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel     152887873000     86.76%     86.76% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::user        23341054000     13.24%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu07.kern.swap_context                   1807                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.replacements         7705655                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         491.757775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs         453505609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         7706153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           58.849806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   491.757775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.960464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.960464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       944717649                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses      944717649                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data    292491026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     292491026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data    159771184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    159771184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1558304                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1558304                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1542244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1542244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data    452262210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total      452262210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data    452262210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total     452262210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data      9220740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9220740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       524244                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       524244                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       996449                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       996449                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data      1012027                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total      1012027                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data      9744984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total      9744984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data      9744984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total      9744984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data    301711766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    301711766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data    160295428                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    160295428                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2554753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2554753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2554271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2554271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data    462007194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total    462007194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data    462007194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total    462007194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.030561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.390037                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.390037                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.396210                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.396210                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       644798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total          644798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.icache.tags.replacements         3973877                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs        1408533650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3974389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs          354.402564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    2349223379000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst     1.011569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst   510.988108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.001976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.998024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2828457946                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses     2828457946                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst   1408268150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1408268150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst   1408268150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total     1408268150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst   1408268150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total    1408268150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst      3973882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3973882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst      3973882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total      3973882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst      3973882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total      3973882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst   1412242032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1412242032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst   1412242032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total   1412242032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst   1412242032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total   1412242032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3973877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total         3973877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu08.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu08.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                 551549                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.hwrei                  9722605                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::0                2212867     26.01%     26.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      6.48%     32.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::30                   187      0.00%     32.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::31               5744526     67.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_count::total            8509049                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::0                 2212867     44.46%     44.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469     11.08%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::30                    187      0.00%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::31                2212702     44.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_good::total             4977225                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538229011141000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::30              31025500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::31          287561040000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543625187500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::31               0.385184                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.ipl_used::total            0.584933                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::2                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::3                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::19                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::wripir                  38      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::swpctx                1823      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::tbi                      2      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::swpipl             7405659     81.72%     81.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rdps               1102946     12.17%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rdusp                    1      0.00%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rti                 551735      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::callsys                 65      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::rdunique               379      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.callpal::total              9062649                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::kernel          553559                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::user               184                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::kernel               185                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::user                 184                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.000334                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.000666                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      93306986500     53.02%     53.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::user        82687456500     46.98%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu08.kern.swap_context                   1823                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.replacements         9534979                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         484.324634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs         394886117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         9535468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           41.412348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   484.324634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.945947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          489                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.955078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       829940783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses      829940783                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data    268586513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     268586513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data    125923713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    125923713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1560490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1560490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1544985                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1544985                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data    394510226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total      394510226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data    394510226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total     394510226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data     10853358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10853358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       603020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       603020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       113424                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       113424                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       128332                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       128332                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data     11456378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total     11456378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data     11456378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total     11456378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data    279439871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    279439871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data    126526733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    126526733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1673914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1673914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1673317                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1673317                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data    405966604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total    405966604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data    405966604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total    405966604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.038840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.067760                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.067760                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.076693                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.076693                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.028220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.028220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       741133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total          741133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.icache.tags.replacements         4089872                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         512.000000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs        1341323739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs         4090384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs          327.921227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst   512.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2694578297                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses     2694578297                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst   1341154339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1341154339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst   1341154339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total     1341154339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst   1341154339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total    1341154339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst      4089873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4089873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst      4089873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total      4089873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst      4089873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total      4089873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst   1345244212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1345244212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst   1345244212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total   1345244212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst   1345244212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total   1345244212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.003040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.003040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.003040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4089872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total         4089872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu09.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu09.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                 551610                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.hwrei                  9613256                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::0                2211965     26.00%     26.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      6.48%     32.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::30                   138      0.00%     32.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::31               5744515     67.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_count::total            8508087                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::0                 2211965     44.46%     44.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469     11.08%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::30                    138      0.00%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::31                2211827     44.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_good::total             4975399                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538229415890000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::30              22711000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::31          287372654500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543833236500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::31               0.385033                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.ipl_used::total            0.584785                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::6                        1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::48                       1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::59                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::swpctx                1703      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::tbi                      4      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::swpipl             7404806     81.72%     81.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::rdps               1102941     12.17%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::rti                 551674      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::callsys                  9      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::imb                      1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.callpal::total              9061138                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::kernel          553377                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::user                67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::kernel                67                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::user                  67                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.000121                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.000242                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       1286304000     99.35%     99.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::user            8448000      0.65%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu09.kern.swap_context                   1703                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.replacements         7683824                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         480.363930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs         357460473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         7684311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           46.518220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data     0.000083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   480.363847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.938211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.951172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       749878338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses      749878338                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data    240031448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     240031448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data    117054626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    117054626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1559362                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1559362                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1542521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1542521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data    357086074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total      357086074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data    357086074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total     357086074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data      9206257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9206257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       515449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       515449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       112196                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       112196                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       128530                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       128530                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data      9721706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total      9721706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data      9721706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total      9721706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data    249237705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    249237705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data    117570075                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    117570075                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1671558                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1671558                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1671051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1671051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data    366807780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total    366807780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data    366807780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total    366807780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.036938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.067121                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.067121                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.076916                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.076916                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.026504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.026504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       627397                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total          627397                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.icache.tags.replacements         3971043                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse                512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs        1177590181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3971555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs          296.506074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst    18.456004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst   493.543996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.036047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.963953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2367050787                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses     2367050787                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst   1177568829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1177568829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst   1177568829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total     1177568829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst   1177568829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total    1177568829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst      3971043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3971043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst      3971043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total      3971043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst      3971043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total      3971043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst   1181539872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1181539872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst   1181539872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total   1181539872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst   1181539872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total   1181539872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.003361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.003361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.003361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3971043                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total         3971043                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu10.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu10.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                 551508                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.hwrei                 12263114                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::0                3094856     30.12%     30.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      5.37%     35.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::30                   182      0.00%     35.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::31               6627623     64.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_count::total           10274130                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::0                 3094856     45.91%     45.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469      8.18%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::30                    182      0.00%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::31                3094695     45.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_good::total             6741202                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538206712311000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::30              29784000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::31          310069118000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543833194000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::31               0.466939                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.ipl_used::total            0.656134                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::wripir                  78      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::swpctx                1799      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::swpipl             8288011     70.78%     70.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::rdps               1102947      9.42%     80.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::rti                1434470     12.25%     92.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::callsys             882818      7.54%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::rdunique               141      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.callpal::total             11710264                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::kernel         1436269                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::user            882886                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::kernel            882886                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::user              882886                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.614708                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.761386                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel     2428268225000     99.04%     99.04% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::user        23441706500      0.96%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu10.kern.swap_context                   1799                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.replacements         7875563                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         494.634736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs         454288301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         7876063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           57.679617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    2307519873500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data     0.015728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   494.619008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.966053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.966083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       944945257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses      944945257                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data    292344755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     292344755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data    159773772                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    159773772                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1558345                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1558345                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1542397                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1542397                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data    452118527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total      452118527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data    452118527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total     452118527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data      9400722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9400722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       515526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       515526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       996755                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       996755                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data      1012046                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total      1012046                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data      9916248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total      9916248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data      9916248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total      9916248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data    301745477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    301745477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data    160289298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    160289298                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2555100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2555100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2554443                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2554443                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data    462034775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total    462034775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data    462034775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total    462034775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.031154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003216                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003216                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390104                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.390104                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.396190                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.396190                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       507357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total          507357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.icache.tags.replacements         3976876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.993802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs        1410526069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3977388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs          354.636276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    2451264677000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst     3.036600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst   508.957202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.005931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.994057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2828850883                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses     2828850883                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst   1408459997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1408459997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst   1408459997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total     1408459997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst   1408459997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total    1408459997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst      3976963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3976963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst      3976963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total      3976963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst      3976963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total      3976963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst   1412436960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1412436960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst   1412436960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total   1412436960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst   1412436960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total   1412436960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3976876                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total         3976876                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu11.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu11.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                 551511                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.hwrei                 12262108                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::0                3094560     30.12%     30.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      5.37%     35.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::30                   187      0.00%     35.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::31               6627223     64.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_count::total           10273439                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::0                 3094560     45.91%     45.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469      8.18%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::30                    187      0.00%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::31                3094393     45.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_good::total             6740609                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538206728435500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::30              30400000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::31          310052335000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543833151500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::31               0.466922                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.ipl_used::total            0.656120                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu11.kern.syscall::71                       1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu11.kern.syscall::73                       1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu11.kern.syscall::74                       1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu11.kern.syscall::total                    3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::wripir                  42      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::swpctx                1810      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::swpipl             8287598     70.78%     70.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::rdps               1102946      9.42%     80.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::rti                1434186     12.25%     92.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::callsys             882527      7.54%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::rdunique               138      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.callpal::total             11709247                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::kernel         1435996                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::user            882595                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::kernel            882595                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::user              882595                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.614622                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.761320                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel     2428374725500     99.05%     99.05% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::user        23335878000      0.95%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu11.kern.swap_context                   1810                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.replacements         7687104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         488.744484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs         454416886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         7687599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           59.110378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    2307592504000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data     0.015208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   488.729276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.954549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.954579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       944568979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses      944568979                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data    292453916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     292453916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data    159760143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    159760143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1558566                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1558566                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1542331                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1542331                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data    452214059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total      452214059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data    452214059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total     452214059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data      9209394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9209394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       518339                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       518339                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       996187                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       996187                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data      1011747                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total      1011747                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data      9727733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total      9727733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data      9727733                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total      9727733                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data    301663310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    301663310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data    160278482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    160278482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2554753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2554753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2554078                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2554078                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data    461941792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total    461941792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data    461941792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total    461941792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.030529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003234                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.389935                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.389935                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.396130                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.396130                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       622434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total          622434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.icache.tags.replacements         3977438                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.993545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs        1410272012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3977950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs          354.522307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    2451246360500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst     1.040406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst   510.953140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.002032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.997955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2828251485                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses     2828251485                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst   1408159455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1408159455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst   1408159455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total     1408159455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst   1408159455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total    1408159455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst      3977525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3977525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst      3977525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total      3977525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst      3977525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total      3977525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst   1412136980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1412136980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst   1412136980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total   1412136980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst   1412136980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total   1412136980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3977438                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total         3977438                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu12.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu12.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                 551553                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.hwrei                  9723075                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::0                2212073     26.00%     26.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      6.48%     32.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::30                   183      0.00%     32.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::31               5744758     67.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_count::total            8508483                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::0                 2212073     44.46%     44.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469     11.08%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::30                    183      0.00%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::31                2211903     44.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_good::total             4975628                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538229247778500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::30              30039000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::31          287533310500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543833109000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::31               0.385030                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.ipl_used::total            0.584784                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::wripir                  55      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::swpctx                1807      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::swpipl             7405112     81.72%     81.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::rdps               1102948     12.17%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::rti                 551719      6.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::callsys                 64      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::rdunique               389      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.callpal::total              9062094                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::kernel          553526                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::user               165                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::kernel               165                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::user                 165                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.000298                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.000596                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel     2369396792500     96.64%     96.64% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::user        82309795000      3.36%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu12.kern.swap_context                   1807                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.replacements         9320547                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         495.678144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs         396182780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         9321048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           42.504103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    2307617700500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data     0.015725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   495.662419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.968091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       830480032                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses      830480032                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data    268931153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     268931153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data    125980064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    125980064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1558990                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1558990                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1542519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1542519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data    394911217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total      394911217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data    394911217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total     394911217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data     10771157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10771157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       599761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       599761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       113793                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       113793                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       129558                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       129558                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data     11370918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total     11370918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data     11370918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total     11370918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data    279702310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    279702310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data    126579825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    126579825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1672783                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1672783                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1672077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1672077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data    406282135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total    406282135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data    406282135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total    406282135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.038509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.068026                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.068026                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.077483                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.077483                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.027988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.027988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       625308                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total          625308                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.icache.tags.replacements         4094789                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.993770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs        1344430554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs         4095301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs          328.286139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    2349228253500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst     3.035923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst   508.957847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.005930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.994058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2696906414                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses     2696906414                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst   1342310893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1342310893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst   1342310893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total     1342310893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst   1342310893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total    1342310893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst      4094876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4094876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst      4094876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total      4094876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst      4094876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total      4094876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst   1346405769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1346405769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst   1346405769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total   1346405769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst   1346405769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total   1346405769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.003041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.003041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.003041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4094789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total         4094789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu13.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu13.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                 551544                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.hwrei                  9722367                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::0                2212877     26.01%     26.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      6.48%     32.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::30                   183      0.00%     32.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::31               5744705     67.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_count::total            8509234                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::0                 2212877     44.46%     44.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469     11.08%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::30                    183      0.00%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::31                2212718     44.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_good::total             4977247                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538229180642000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::30              29688500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::31          287600755000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543833066500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::31               0.385175                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.ipl_used::total            0.584923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::wripir                 138      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::swpctx                1805      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::swpipl             7405789     81.72%     81.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::rdps               1102948     12.17%     93.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::rti                 551796      6.09%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::callsys                 67      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::rdunique               395      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.callpal::total              9062938                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::kernel          553601                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::user               246                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::kernel               246                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::user                 246                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.000444                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.000888                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel     2369884397000     96.66%     96.66% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::user        81821518500      3.34%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu13.kern.swap_context                   1805                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.replacements         9155630                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         488.995559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs         395993901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         9156125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           43.249071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    2301473438000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data     0.015501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   488.980057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.955039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       829645479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses      829645479                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data    268572313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     268572313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data    126193445                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    126193445                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1560871                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1560871                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1545291                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1545291                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data    394765758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total      394765758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data    394765758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total     394765758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data     10546107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10546107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       640148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       640148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       113525                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       113525                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       128330                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       128330                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data     11186255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total     11186255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data     11186255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total     11186255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data    279118420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    279118420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data    126833593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    126833593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1674396                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1674396                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1673621                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1673621                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data    405952013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total    405952013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data    405952013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total    405952013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.067801                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.067801                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.076678                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.076678                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.027556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.027556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       789766                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total          789766                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.icache.tags.replacements         4087883                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.994940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs        1341685206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs         4088395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs          328.169173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    2349225817000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst     2.028071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst   509.966869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.003961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.996029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2691409286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses     2691409286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst   1339572688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1339572688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst   1339572688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total     1339572688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst   1339572688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total    1339572688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst      4087970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4087970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst      4087970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total      4087970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst      4087970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total      4087970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst   1343660658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1343660658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst   1343660658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total   1343660658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst   1343660658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total   1343660658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.003042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.003042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.003042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4087883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total         4087883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu14.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu14.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                 551539                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.hwrei                 11593126                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::0                2871568     29.22%     29.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      5.61%     34.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::30                   186      0.00%     34.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::31               6404210     65.17%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_count::total            9827433                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::0                 2871568     45.62%     45.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469      8.76%     54.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::30                    186      0.00%     54.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::31                2871401     45.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_good::total             6294624                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538212432967000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::30              30323500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::31          304347752500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543833024000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::31               0.448361                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.ipl_used::total            0.640516                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu14.kern.syscall::71                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu14.kern.syscall::74                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu14.kern.syscall::total                    2                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::wripir                  35      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::swpctx                1809      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::swpipl             8064572     73.05%     73.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::rdps               1102945      9.99%     83.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::rti                1211207     10.97%     94.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::callsys             659551      5.97%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::rdunique               148      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.callpal::total             11040267                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::kernel         1213016                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::user            659611                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::kernel            659611                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::user              659611                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.543778                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.704477                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel     2430738460000     99.14%     99.14% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::user        20973487500      0.86%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu14.kern.swap_context                   1809                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.replacements         7888000                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         493.756295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         431323298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         7888499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           54.677487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    2451310919500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data     0.015612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   493.740684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.964337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       898333758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      898333758                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data    280301459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     280301459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data    149055940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    149055940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1558344                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1558344                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1541765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1541765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data    429357399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      429357399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data    429357399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     429357399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data      9407967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9407967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       517634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       517634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       773458                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       773458                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       789286                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       789286                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data      9925601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      9925601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data      9925601                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      9925601                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data    289709426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    289709426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data    149573574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    149573574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2331802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2331802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2331051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2331051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data    439283000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    439283000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data    439283000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    439283000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.032474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003461                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003461                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331700                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.331700                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.338597                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.338597                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.022595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.022595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       517577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total          517577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.icache.tags.replacements         3977338                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.992771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs        1359089886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3977850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs          341.664438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    2451263259000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst     1.045972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst   510.946799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.002043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.997943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2725962759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses     2725962759                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst   1357015242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1357015242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst   1357015242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total     1357015242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst   1357015242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total    1357015242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst      3977425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3977425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst      3977425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total      3977425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst      3977425                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total      3977425                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst   1360992667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1360992667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst   1360992667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total   1360992667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst   1360992667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total   1360992667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3977338                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total         3977338                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.dtb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.dtb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_hits                         0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_misses                       0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_acv                          0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu15.itb.fetch_accesses                     0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_acv                           0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_acv                          0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.data_hits                          0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.data_misses                        0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.data_acv                           0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu15.itb.data_accesses                      0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                 551509                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.hwrei                 12264582                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::0                3095473     30.12%     30.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::22                551469      5.37%     35.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::30                   303      0.00%     35.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::31               6628338     64.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_count::total           10275583                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::0                 3095473     45.91%     45.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::22                 551469      8.18%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::30                    303      0.00%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::31                3095431     45.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_good::total             6742676                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::0           538206675632500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::22           27021981000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::30              33695500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::31          310101627500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_ticks::total       538543832936500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::0                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::22                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::30                      1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::31               0.467000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.ipl_used::total            0.656184                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::wripir                  52      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::swpctx                1801      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::swpipl             8289408     70.78%     70.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::rdps               1102942      9.42%     80.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::rti                1434524     12.25%     92.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::callsys             882872      7.54%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::rdunique               146      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.callpal::total             11711745                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::kernel         1436325                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::user            882937                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch::idle                 0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::kernel            882937                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::user              882937                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_good::idle                   0                      
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.614720                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::user            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.761395                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel     2427690544500     99.02%     99.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::user        24022075000      0.98%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.mode_ticks::idle                  0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu15.kern.swap_context                   1801                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.replacements         7771902                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         500.019729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs         455441936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         7772408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           58.597276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    2328444912500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data     0.013849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   500.005881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.976574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          506                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       947044948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses      947044948                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data    293180134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     293180134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data    160135017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    160135017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1559029                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1559029                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1542898                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1542898                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data    453315151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total      453315151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data    453315151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total     453315151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data      9283159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9283159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       540906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       540906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       996837                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       996837                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data      1012179                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total      1012179                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data      9824065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total      9824065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data      9824065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total      9824065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data    302463293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    302463293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data    160675923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    160675923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2555866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2555866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2555077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2555077                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data    463139216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total    463139216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data    463139216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total    463139216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.030692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.390019                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.390019                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.396144                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.396144                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       653448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total          653448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.icache.tags.replacements         3979771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.993700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs        1414706068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3980283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs          355.428513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    2451278220500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst     3.060138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst   508.933562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.005977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.994011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2837090210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses     2837090210                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst   1412575327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1412575327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst   1412575327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total     1412575327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst   1412575327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total    1412575327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst      3979852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3979852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst      3979852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total      3979852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst      3979852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total      3979852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst   1416555179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1416555179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst   1416555179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total   1416555179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst   1416555179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total   1416555179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3979771                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total         3979771                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                     53248                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                          12                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1453                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                 12140544                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1511                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6497                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6497                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq             9025788                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp            9025788                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio     17660626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         2520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        16752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total     17682442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       382128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       382128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                18064570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio     70642504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2750                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         9423                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total     70658113                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     12198080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     12198080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 82856193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               191064                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               191080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1719576                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1719576                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             1368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       189696                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       189696                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         1368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              1368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         1368                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             1368                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           1368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       189696                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       189696                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         1368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            1368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         1368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           1368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          189712                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               189712                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     101457659                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     30607514                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     53168719                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         7843898                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      5358645                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops      2485253                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                5125                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           51068155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            2215723                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           2215723                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4191702                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4016067                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          7303929                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1671413                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        2510328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4181741                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1310622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1310622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       17081232                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      33981798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     10975031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     31797529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      8082516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     26210432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      9818156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     12266408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      9302828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     24611280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total              133064180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    380764352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    801708395                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    260626688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    711417392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    375462720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    330753130                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    333373376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    700800136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              3894906189                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         36139863                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples         134450396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             1.022225                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            1.095386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                59993029     44.62%     44.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                30261952     22.51%     67.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                25831348     19.21%     86.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                17942305     13.34%     99.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                  421762      0.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total           134450396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     112342975                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     31486447                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     62728406                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        15111192                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      4313211                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops     10797981                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           58143325                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq            2206746                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp           2206746                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2817571                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4087514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9312788                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1025638                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        2282156                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3307794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1114314                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1114314                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       16006771                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      42136554                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      9643978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     30901910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      8287852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     29826772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      7984719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     22314649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     10184507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     26617844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              145762231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    362674240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    718603440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    268877952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    870782488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    257002048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    659914032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    397480000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    716734104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              4252068304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         55386575                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         165485734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             1.192024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            1.287027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                72834447     44.01%     44.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                31404632     18.98%     62.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                25902783     15.65%     78.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                27322656     16.51%     95.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                 8021216      4.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           165485734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests     110133385                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     30997158                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     61142360                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        15498122                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      5226717                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops     10271405                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                   4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           56903701                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq            2206737                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp           2206737                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2498321                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4086130                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9121462                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1025600                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        2280655                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3306255                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1126734                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1126734                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       16015404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      40888293                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      9943398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     32034781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      8005195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     22164736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      7995938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     25924098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     10172407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     26552214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total              142792767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    374625600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    775885288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    258185728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    657530124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    257214400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    718908408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    396472448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    714184264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total              4153006260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                         55925163                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples         162720185                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             1.173826                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            1.267540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                71788169     44.12%     44.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                31271910     19.22%     63.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                26079497     16.03%     79.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                26748203     16.44%     95.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                 6832406      4.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total           162720185                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests     112779788                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     32169143                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     62216619                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        14309603                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      4494507                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops      9815096                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp           58146126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq            2206886                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp           2206886                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2586099                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4065832                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9663188                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1046309                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        2059353                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3105662                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1252140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1252140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       16140123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      42006003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      9899637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     31477500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      8277127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     26035188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      7997666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     25060783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     10171648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     26817198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total              145736747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    371504704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    762900056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    268106048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    761866136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    257295424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    705829768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    396274944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    721090616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total              4244867696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                         51148529                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples         161066163                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             1.179245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            1.249771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                69374516     43.07%     43.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                32283041     20.04%     63.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                26300812     16.33%     79.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                27379364     17.00%     96.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                 5728430      3.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total           161066163                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             1162529                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3784.704297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              54635744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             1166326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               46.844316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   386.195056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst     0.000470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data     0.000267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst     0.000316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     0.000291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst   242.858012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2030.509476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     7.513400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   131.038246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst   179.647852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   244.914688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    71.711579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   490.314641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.094286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.059292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.495730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.031992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.043859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.059794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.017508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.119706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.924000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3752                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.927002                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           545896696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          545896696                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4191702                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4191702                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4016067                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total      4016067                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1132                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           66                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           45                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total           1263                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36406                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        52298                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        99398                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        37881                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          225983                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      5017685                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      4005551                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      3831291                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      4086053                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     16940580                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8334306                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8105775                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2172522                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3112488                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     21725091                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      5017685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8370712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      4005551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8158073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      3831291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2271920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      4086053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3150369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           38891654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      5017685                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8370712                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      4005551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8158073                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      3831291                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2271920                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      4086053                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3150369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          38891654                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       807739                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       255636                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       241409                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       255058                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total      1559842                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       887880                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       440487                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       128623                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       711898                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total      2168888                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       118166                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       118901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       379805                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       238229                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        855101                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst         7903                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst         4673                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst       120260                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         7816                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       140652                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       851273                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       544519                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       530670                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data      5868971                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      7795433                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst         7903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       969439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst         4673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       663420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst       120260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       910475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         7816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data      6107200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          8791186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst         7903                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       969439                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst         4673                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       663420                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst       120260                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       910475                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         7816                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data      6107200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         8791186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4191702                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4191702                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4016067                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4016067                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       808871                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       255656                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       241475                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       255103                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      1561105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       887901                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       440496                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       128665                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       711911                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total      2168973                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       154572                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       171199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       479203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       276110                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1081084                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      5025588                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      4010224                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      3951551                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      4093869                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     17081232                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9185579                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8650294                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2703192                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8981459                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     29520524                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      5025588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9340151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      4010224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8821493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      3951551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3182395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      4093869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9257569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       47682840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      5025588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9340151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      4010224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8821493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      3951551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3182395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      4093869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9257569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      47682840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.998601                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999727                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.999824                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999191                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.999976                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.999980                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999674                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999961                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.764472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.694519                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.792576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.862805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.790966                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001573                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001165                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.030434                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001909                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.008234                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.092675                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.062948                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.196312                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.653454                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.264068                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.103793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.075205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.030434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.286097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.659698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.184368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.103793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.075205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.030434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.286097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.659698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.184368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         460449                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              460449                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              156716                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3659.591426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              58313919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              160395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs              363.564444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   757.345893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     0.000156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data     0.000044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst     0.000044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data     0.000089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    96.766169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   390.149997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst   305.052354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   997.583586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    36.538029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   194.433052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst   189.244785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   692.477228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.184899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.023625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.095251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.074476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.243551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.008920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.047469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.046202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.169062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.893455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3679                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3631                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898193                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           607118859                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          607118859                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2817571                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2817571                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4087514                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total      4087514                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1075                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          698                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1074                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total           2866                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          535                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          536                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          538                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total         1609                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30365                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        95260                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        29071                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        37776                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          192472                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      3975794                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      4079097                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      3968997                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      3972184                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     15996072                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7581789                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     11033618                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8976508                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4106650                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     31698565                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      3975794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7612154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      4079097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     11128878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      3968997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9005579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      3972184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4144426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           47887109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      3975794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7612154                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      4079097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     11128878                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      3968997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9005579                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      3972184                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4144426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          47887109                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       255036                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       256884                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       253989                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       256116                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total      1022025                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       993984                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       128028                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       126812                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       495363                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total      1744187                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       117895                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       123443                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       114286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       230134                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        585758                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1399                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         7537                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst         1698                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        10699                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data      1480925                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       115350                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        67494                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data      5577058                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      7240827                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data      1598820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         7537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       238793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       181780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst         1698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data      5807192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          7837284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1399                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data      1598820                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         7537                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       238793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       181780                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst         1698                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data      5807192                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         7837284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2817571                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2817571                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4087514                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4087514                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       256111                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       257582                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       255063                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       256135                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      1024891                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       994519                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       128564                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       127350                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       495363                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total      1745796                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       148260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       218703                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       143357                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       267910                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       778230                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      3977193                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      4086634                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      3969062                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      3973882                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     16006771                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9062714                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     11148968                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9044002                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9683708                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     38939392                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      3977193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9210974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      4086634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     11367671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      3969062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9187359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      3973882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9951618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       55724393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      3977193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9210974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      4086634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     11367671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      3969062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9187359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      3973882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9951618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      55724393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.995803                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.997290                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.995789                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.999926                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997204                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.999462                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.995831                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.995775                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999078                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.795191                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.564432                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.797213                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.858997                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.752680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000352                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001844                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000427                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000668                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.163409                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010346                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.007463                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.575922                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.185951                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.173578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.019786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.583542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.140644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.173578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.019786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.583542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.140644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          23838                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               23838                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements              173420                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3693.828457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs              57238937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs              177132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs              323.142837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   740.561565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst     0.000116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data     0.000106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     0.000093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data     0.000058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data     0.000197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst   210.222153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   957.590850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     1.706969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   212.798892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst   145.549365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   433.613965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst   257.667668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   734.116461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.180801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.051324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.233787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.051953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.035535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.105863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.062907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.179228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.901814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3712                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3664                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses           602236754                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses          602236754                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2498321                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2498321                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4086130                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total      4086130                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1176                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1177                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          320                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total           2680                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          587                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          589                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          159                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total         1336                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       110126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33764                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        29501                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31552                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total          204943                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      4080757                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      3969600                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      3974942                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      3975605                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     16000904                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8907148                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8370531                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8983369                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4107275                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     30368323                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      4080757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9017274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      3969600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8404295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      3974942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9012870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      3975605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4138827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total           46574170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      4080757                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9017274                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      3969600                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8404295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      3974942                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9012870                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      3975605                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4138827                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total          46574170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       255883                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       255037                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       254991                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       255746                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total      1021657                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       127808                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       127446                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data      1009905                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data      1010665                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total      2275824                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       128218                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       113134                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       117678                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       230395                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total        589425                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         9116                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1443                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst         2021                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        14500                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       757846                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        54082                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       958150                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data      6071507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      7841585                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         9116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       886064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       167216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data      1075828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data      6301902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total          8445510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         9116                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       886064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1443                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       167216                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data      1075828                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data      6301902                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total         8445510                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2498321                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2498321                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4086130                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4086130                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       255890                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       256213                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       256168                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       256066                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      1024337                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       127809                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       128033                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1010494                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1010824                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total      2277160                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       238344                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       146898                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       147179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       261947                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       794368                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      4089873                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      3971043                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      3976963                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      3977525                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     16015404                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9664994                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8424613                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      9941519                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     10178782                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     38209908                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      4089873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9903338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      3971043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8571511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      3976963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     10088698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      3977525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     10440729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total       55019680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      4089873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9903338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      3971043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8571511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      3976963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     10088698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      3977525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     10440729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total      55019680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999973                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.995410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.995405                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.998750                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997384                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.995415                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.999417                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999413                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.537954                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.770153                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.799557                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.879548                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.742005                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002229                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000363                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000508                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000483                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000905                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.078411                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.096379                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.596487                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.205224                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.089471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.106637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.603588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.153500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.089471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.106637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.603588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.153500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks          24173                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total               24173                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements              314737                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3746.447084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs              60242188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs              318487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs              189.151168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   902.038072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst     0.019450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data     0.011501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data     0.006356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data     0.005392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst     0.007948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data     0.018962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    96.940750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   395.666867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    63.898515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   311.147274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst   185.102176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   565.217975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst   271.884828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   954.481018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.220224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.023667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.096598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.015600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.075964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.045191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.137993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.066378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.233028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.914660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.915527                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses           614723136                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses          614723136                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2586099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2586099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4065832                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total      4065832                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          226                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          211                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          329                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::total            827                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          105                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          160                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          377                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       105126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112096                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        30719                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33195                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total          281136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      4088570                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      4077927                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      3975343                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      3977689                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     16119529                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8879325                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9545168                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8979771                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4182483                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     31586747                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      4088570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8984451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      4077927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9657264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      3975343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9010490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      3977689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4215678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total           47987412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      4088570                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8984451                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      4077927                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9657264                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      3975343                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9010490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      3977689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4215678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total          47987412                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       258115                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       253177                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       256565                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       274897                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total      1042754                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       128577                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       126597                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       703633                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data      1010964                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total      1969771                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       122068                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       163922                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       117868                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       231252                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total        635110                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst         6306                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst        10043                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst         2082                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst         2163                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        20594                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       677352                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       216091                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       654923                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data      6071080                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      7619446                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst         6306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       799420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst        10043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       380013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst         2082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       772791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst         2163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data      6302332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total          8275150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst         6306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       799420                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst        10043                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       380013                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst         2082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       772791                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst         2163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data      6302332                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total         8275150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2586099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2586099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4065832                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4065832                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       258176                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       253403                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       256776                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       275226                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      1043581                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       128580                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       126706                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       703738                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1011124                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total      1970148                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       227194                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       276018                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       148587                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       264447                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total       916246                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      4094876                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      4087970                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      3977425                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      3979852                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     16140123                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9556677                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9761259                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9634694                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     10253563                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     39206193                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      4094876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9783871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      4087970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     10037277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      3977425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9783281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      3979852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     10518010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total       56262562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      4094876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9783871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      4087970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     10037277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      3977425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9783281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      3979852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     10518010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total      56262562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.999764                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.999108                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.999178                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.998805                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.999977                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.999140                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.999851                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.999842                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999809                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.537285                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.593882                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.793259                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.874474                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.693165                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001540                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002457                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000523                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000543                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.001276                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.070877                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.022138                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.067975                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.592095                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.194343                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.081708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.078991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.599194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.147081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.081708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.037860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.078991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.599194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.147081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks          56274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total               56274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               5129                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          10412406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq           8836092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp          8836092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       665135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          593417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         6379315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       4038359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        9953061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2130017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          665150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     10407277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       189696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       189696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     17533734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      9207436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      4441696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     31182866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     18304681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave     13240746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     31545427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        99405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       473144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       572549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              63300842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    395707392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    175148480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave     17695245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    588551117                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    168118976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave     52962868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total    221081844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2121728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     10107392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     12229120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              821862081                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        16139280                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         46095889                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.277768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.447898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               33291926     72.22%     72.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               12803963     27.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           46095889                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           7251526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq           2206746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp          2206746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        23838                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          115782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1464745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       2280547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        3208185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           479869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          143785                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7251526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     26633295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     26633295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              26633295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side    492479504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    492479504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              492479504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                        58910205                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         64602350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.786029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.410107                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               13823053     21.40%     21.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2               50779297     78.60%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           64602350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           7856089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq           2206737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp          2206737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict          128818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1465624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       2279319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        3740185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq           479087                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp          146721                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7856085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side     28389579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total     28389579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total              28389579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side    531380468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total    531380468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total              531380468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                        59384680                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples         64646486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.776634                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.416502                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1               14439847     22.34%     22.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2               50206639     77.66%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total           64646486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp           9802612                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq           2206886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp          2206886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       576850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict          605239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1507670                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       7598240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        4929596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1018514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp          673948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9802612                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      6675632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side     20936470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total     27612102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     13316951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total     13316951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total              40929053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port    113837184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side    408700016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total    522537200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port    202536128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total    202536128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total              725073328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                        42168984                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples         59969420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.609454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.487873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1               23420805     39.05%     39.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2               36548615     60.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total           59969420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       934674                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.988684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs      1669537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       934690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     1.786193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.059571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     7.011165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     1.731112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     1.795978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     1.390612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.191223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.438198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.108194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.112249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.086913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.936793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     43742666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     43742666                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       482539                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       482539                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          183                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          300                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          537                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          309                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          798                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          835                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          379                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2321                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total         2858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          334                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          981                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1135                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          408                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total         2858                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          960                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          811                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1238                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1297                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4306                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       764484                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       313344                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          422                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       584807                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total      1663057                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5302                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       257351                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       286917                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst         1188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       798822                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst         1515                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       351715                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        17307                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       306146                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1417                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       643276                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          312                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2121698                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       156992                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       156992                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       804124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst         1515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       357711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        17307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       563497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       661544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      2408615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst         1188                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       804124                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst         1515                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       357711                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        17307                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       563497                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1417                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       661544                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          312                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      2408615                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       482539                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       482539                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          960                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          811                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1238                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1297                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4306                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       764484                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       313344                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          422                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       584807                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total      1663057                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5327                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       257651                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18297                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       287454                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst         1188                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       799131                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         1515                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       352513                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        17307                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       306981                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1417                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       643655                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          312                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2124019                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       156992                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       156992                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       804458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         1515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       358692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        17307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       564632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       661952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      2411473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst         1188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       804458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         1515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       358692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        17307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       564632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       661952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      2411473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.995307                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.970384                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.998836                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.998415                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998132                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.999613                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.997736                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.997280                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.999411                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998907                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.999585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.997265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.997990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.999384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.999585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.997265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.997990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.999384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       480838                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       480838                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements      3794521                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse     3.138477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs      1242333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs      3794534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.327401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.007775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.039627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.034534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     0.044546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     3.008675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.002784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.188042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.196155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses     93363189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses     93363189                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        23838                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23838                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          261                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          445                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          343                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          442                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data           96                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data           96                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          604                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          118                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          887                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       365375                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       367186                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       364717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       366720                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total      1463998                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       993984                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       128028                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       126812                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       495363                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total      1744187                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7495                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12880                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3491                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       119474                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       143340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1399                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data      1480890                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         7537                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       115007                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        67492                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst         1698                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data      5576996                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      7251084                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data      1488385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         7537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       127887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        70983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst         1698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data      5696470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total      7394424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1399                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data      1488385                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         7537                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       127887                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        70983                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst         1698                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data      5696470                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total      7394424                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        23838                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23838                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       365375                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       367186                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       364717                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       366720                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      1463998                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       993984                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       128028                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126812                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       495363                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total      1744187                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7556                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        13141                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3558                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       119530                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       143785                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1399                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1480925                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         7537                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       115350                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        67494                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         1698                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      5577058                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7251526                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1488481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         7537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       128491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         1698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      5696588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total      7395311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1488481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         7537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       128491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         1698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      5696588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total      7395311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.991927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.980138                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.981169                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.999531                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.999976                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.997026                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999970                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999939                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.999936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.995299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.999979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.999936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.995299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.999979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        22945                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        22945                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements      3840041                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse     2.652896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs      1773392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs      3840053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.461814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.004285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.113434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.035483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.042037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     2.453455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.007090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.153341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.165806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses    103194637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses    103194637                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        24173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           61                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total          198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data           25                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total          198                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       367567                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       365176                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       365323                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       366295                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total      1464361                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       127808                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       127446                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data      1009905                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data      1010665                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total      2275824                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16495                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2994                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       119830                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total       146656                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         9116                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       757794                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1443                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        54071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst         2021                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       958089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data      6071498                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      7855952                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         9116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       774289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        57065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       965426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data      6191328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total      8002608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         9116                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       774289                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1443                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        57065                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       965426                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data      6191328                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total      8002608                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        24173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       367567                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       365176                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       365323                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       366295                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      1464361                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       127808                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       127446                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1009905                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1010665                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total      2275824                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16534                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7346                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       119846                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       146721                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         9116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       757846                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         1443                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        54082                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         2021                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       958150                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6071507                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7856085                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         9116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       774380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        57077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       965496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6191353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total      8002806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         9116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       774380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         1443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        57077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         2021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       965496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6191353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total      8002806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.997641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.999666                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.998775                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.999866                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999557                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999931                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.999797                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.999936                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999983                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.999790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.999927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.999996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.999790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.999927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.999996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks        23976                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total        23976                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements      3710250                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse     2.641898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs         5543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs      3710262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.001494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.000653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.035906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.104604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.040963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     2.454558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.006538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.153410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.165119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses     71066390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses     71066390                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9703                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9703                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          111                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::total          120                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          169                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          445                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total          565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          177                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          280                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data           29                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total          565                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       365264                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       360947                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       366028                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       367242                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total      1459481                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       127400                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       125829                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       127663                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       127648                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       508540                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2041                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13904                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2548                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       114219                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total       132712                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst         3181                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       608751                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst         4292                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       142116                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst         1528                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        57872                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst         2081                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data      5147276                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      5967097                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst         3181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       610792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst         4292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       156020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst         1528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        60420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst         2081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data      5261495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total      6099809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst         3181                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       610792                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst         4292                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       156020                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst         1528                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        60420                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst         2081                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data      5261495                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total      6099809                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9703                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9703                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       365264                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       360948                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       366028                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       367242                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      1459482                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       127400                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       125829                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       127663                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       127648                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       508540                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2044                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        14015                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         2552                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       114221                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total       132832                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         3196                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       608925                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         4339                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       142285                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         1528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        57885                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         2081                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      5147303                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5967542                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         3196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       610969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         4339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       156300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         1528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        60437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         2081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      5261524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total      6100374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         3196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       610969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         4339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       156300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         1528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        60437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         2081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      5261524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total      6100374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999999                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.998532                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.992080                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.998433                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999097                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.995307                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.999714                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.989168                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.998812                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999925                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.995307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.999710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.989168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.998209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.999719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.995307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.999710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.989168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.998209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.999719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks         9500                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total         9500                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       261348                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse     3.313480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs      4392926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       261360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs    16.807951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.001903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.128009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.037175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.022703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     0.024492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     0.031227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.070855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.027648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.024560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.026709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data     0.025842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     0.092985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data     0.020459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     0.015518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data     2.749157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.008001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.001419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.001531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.004428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.001728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.001535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.001669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.001615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.005812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.001279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.171822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.207093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses    106166519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses    106166519                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        15082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10054                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2998                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7957                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          193                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1621004                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst         2413                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       553568                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1223                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5039                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          153                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1619367                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          699                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       547812                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          162                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          891                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           69                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         6568                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5523                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      4387673                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1621007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst         2413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       553571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1619367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       547815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         6572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total      4387692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst          106                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10055                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3001                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7957                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst          193                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1621007                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst         2413                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       553571                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1223                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst          116                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5039                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst          153                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1619367                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst          699                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       547815                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst          162                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          892                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           69                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         6572                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5524                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total      4387692                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       363920                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       363518                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       363604                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       365151                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       362007                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       364775                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       363870                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       364827                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       365111                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       360647                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       365367                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       367048                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total      4369845                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       126740                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       126864                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       126606                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       127293                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       126268                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       127198                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       126609                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       127068                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       127231                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       125603                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       127574                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       127415                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total      1522469                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1528                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1879                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          917                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1745                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3087                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          988                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1454                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1608                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1596                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11789                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1622                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       113853                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       142066                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1105                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       555991                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         2670                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        26162                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11132                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst          988                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        22325                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         3684                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        50197                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1391                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13802                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst         1211                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        15160                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst         1475                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18631                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst         2482                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30196                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst         4130                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        57745                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst         1459                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13885                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst         2021                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data      1631919                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2469824                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       557519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         2670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst          988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        24070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         3684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst         2482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst         4130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        15507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data      1745772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total      2611890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst         1105                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       557519                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         2670                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        28041                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12049                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst          988                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        24070                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         3684                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53284                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst         1391                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14790                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        16614                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst         1475                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20239                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst         2482                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        31792                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst         4130                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69534                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst         1459                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        15507                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data      1745772                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total      2611890                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        15082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       363920                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       363518                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       363604                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       365151                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       362007                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       364775                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       363870                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       364827                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       365111                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       360647                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       365367                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       367048                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      4369845                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       126740                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       126864                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126611                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       127293                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       126268                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       127198                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       126610                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       127069                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       127231                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       125603                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       127574                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       127416                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total      1522477                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1529                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1882                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          917                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1748                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          988                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1454                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1608                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1599                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        11790                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1626                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       113854                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       142085                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1211                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       566045                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         4334                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        29160                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19089                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         1181                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1643329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         6097                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       603765                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         1423                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15025                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         1327                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        20199                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         1628                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1637998                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         3181                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       578008                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         4292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58636                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         1528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        20453                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         2081                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1637442                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      6857497                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       567574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         4334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        31042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        20006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1645077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         6097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       606855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         1423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        21653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1639606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         3181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       579607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         4292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        70426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         1528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        22079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         2081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1751296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total      6999582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst         1211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       567574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         4334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        31042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           65                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        20006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst         1181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1645077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         6097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       606855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst         1423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst         1327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        21653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst         1628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1639606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst         3181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       579607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst         4292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        70426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst         1528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        22079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst         2081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1751296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total      6999582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.999346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.998406                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.998284                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.999029                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.998124                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.999915                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.997540                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999866                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.912469                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.982238                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.616059                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.897188                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969231                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.583163                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.836579                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.013585                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.604232                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.083140                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977512                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.918602                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.912585                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.750532                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.906020                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011374                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.780258                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.052241                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962255                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.984805                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.678874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971168                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.996627                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.360164                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.912469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.982284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.616059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.903325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.836579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.604232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.087804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.923625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.912585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.767284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.906020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.780258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.054851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.987334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.702342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.996846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.373149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.912469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.982284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.616059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.903325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.836579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.604232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.087804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.923625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.912585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.767284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.906020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.780258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.054851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.987334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.702342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.996846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.373149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        14974                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        14974                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements      1218194                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    13.831860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs      1466726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs      1218209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     1.204002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.288647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data     5.956791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data     0.776915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data     0.525828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data     0.488785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data     0.839643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     0.025088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data     0.579248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data     0.112058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data     0.456912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data     0.650728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data     0.357509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data     0.773373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.143040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.372299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.048557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.032864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.030549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.052478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.001568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.036203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.007004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.028557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.040670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.022344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.048336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.864491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses     44189414                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses     44189414                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       522177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          354                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          122                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           22                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total          760                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          144                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          451                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          193                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          311                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           90                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          356                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          136                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           89                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          113                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2377                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data           59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total         3137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst          144                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data           59                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          482                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          547                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          317                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          101                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          157                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          199                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data           99                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           72                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          251                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total         3137                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          591                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          528                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          720                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          726                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          758                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2478                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          242                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          861                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4542                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          262                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          628                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          863                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total        13199                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       144070                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        59327                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          234                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       372162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       194487                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          376                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        76766                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       613010                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total      1461225                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5130                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5721                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       253358                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17872                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9647                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1634                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5450                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9478                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1505                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4612                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5091                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       156992                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total       481485                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst         1044                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       176342                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst         1499                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        95047                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        17307                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       304997                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1417                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       427197                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          184                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       210815                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         3190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        56058                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10462                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst          514                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34129                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         3006                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        62555                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        14094                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst          622                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        94208                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst          289                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       647265                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          311                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2162572                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       181472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       100768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        17307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       558355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       445069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       215810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         3190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        65705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         3006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        15599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst          622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        98820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst          289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       652356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       157303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total      2644057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst         1044                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       181472                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       100768                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst        17307                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       558355                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst         1417                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       445069                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          184                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       215810                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst         3190                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        65705                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12096                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        39579                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst         3006                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72033                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        15599                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst          622                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        98820                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst          289                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       652356                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       157303                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total      2644057                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       522177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          592                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          528                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          720                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          727                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          758                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         2479                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          242                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          861                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4542                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          262                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          628                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          863                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        13202                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       144070                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        59327                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       372162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       194487                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          376                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        76766                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       613010                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total      1461226                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5140                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5752                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       253712                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17878                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5006                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9769                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1639                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5471                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9500                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1515                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5229                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       156992                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total       482245                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst         1188                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       176391                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         1515                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        95498                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        17307                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       305190                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1417                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       427508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       210905                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         3203                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        56414                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        10463                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          517                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        34265                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         3019                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        62732                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        14183                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          694                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        94351                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       647378                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          311                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2164949                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       181531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         1515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       101250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        17307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       558902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       445386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       215911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         3203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        66183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        12102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         3019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        98993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       652607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       157303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total      2647194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst         1188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       181531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst         1515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       101250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        17307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       558902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst         1417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       445386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       215911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst         3203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        66183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        12102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst          517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        39736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst         3019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst          694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        98993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst          292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       652607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       157303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total      2647194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.998311                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.998624                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999597                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999773                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.995745                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999999                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.998054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.994611                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.998605                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.999664                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.997803                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.987512                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.996949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.996162                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.997684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.993399                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.993537                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.973609                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998424                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.878788                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.999722                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.989439                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.995277                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999368                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.999273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.978723                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.999573                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.995941                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.993690                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999904                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.994197                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.996031                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.995694                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.997178                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.993725                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.896254                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.998484                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.989726                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998902                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.878788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.999675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.989439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.995240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.999288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.978723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.999532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.995941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.992778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.994197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.996049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.995694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.997245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.993693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.896254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.998252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.989726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.999615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.878788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.999675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.989439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.995240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.999021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.999288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.978723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.999532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.995941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.992778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.999504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.994197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.996049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.995694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.997245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.993693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.896254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.998252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.989726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.999615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks       520576                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total       520576                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits          372379915                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses              911                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses        5681773                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits         202518388                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses             133                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses       1204119                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_hits          574898303                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_misses             1044                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.data_accesses        6885892                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_hits         204500009                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_misses             233                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus00.itb.fetch_accesses     204500242                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus00.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles           1077088219169                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus00.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts        1679442707                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps          1679442707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_alu_accesses   1611456122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_alu_accesses     11479596                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.num_func_calls          66013012                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus00.num_conditional_control_insts    130992989                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_insts         1611456122                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_insts            11479596                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_reads   2231114546                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_int_register_writes   1259948872                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_reads     13028954                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus00.num_fp_register_writes     10912345                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus00.num_mem_refs           575469222                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus00.num_load_insts         372392552                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_store_insts        203076670                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.num_idle_cycles     1075409326650.140137                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.num_busy_cycles     1678892518.859835                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus00.not_idle_fraction       0.001559                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.idle_fraction           0.998441                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus00.Branches               227767072                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::No_OpClass      7094226      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntAlu      1011932689     60.25%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntMult        5985351      0.36%     61.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     61.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatAdd       5003718      0.30%     61.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCmp        177572      0.01%     61.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatCvt       2324849      0.14%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatMult      2451646      0.15%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatDiv          2597      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::FloatSqrt          824      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemRead      380048617     22.63%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::MemWrite     204181562     12.16%     96.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::IprAccess     60240100      3.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus00.op_class::total       1679443751                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits          287138587                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses            26330                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses       11874721                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits         144824803                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses            1524                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses       2976634                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_hits          431963390                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_misses            27854                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.data_accesses       14851355                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_hits         204023207                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_misses             234                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus01.itb.fetch_accesses     204023441                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus01.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles           1077088218614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus01.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts        1348218000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps          1348218000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_alu_accesses   1282824318                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_alu_accesses     27406150                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.num_func_calls          48908472                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus01.num_conditional_control_insts    107964412                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_insts         1282824318                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_insts            27406150                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_reads   1799374663                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_int_register_writes   1012231361                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_reads     35812166                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus01.num_fp_register_writes     24876972                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus01.num_mem_refs           432560822                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus01.num_load_insts         287177350                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_store_insts        145383472                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.num_idle_cycles     1075740524014.207764                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.num_busy_cycles     1347694599.792217                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus01.not_idle_fraction       0.001251                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.idle_fraction           0.998749                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus01.Branches               181867680                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::No_OpClass      6538536      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntAlu       829498914     61.52%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntMult        5808561      0.43%     62.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     62.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatAdd      11673356      0.87%     63.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCmp        190256      0.01%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatCvt       3462797      0.26%     63.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatMult      6567440      0.49%     64.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatDiv        160796      0.01%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::FloatSqrt        51088      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemRead      291073776     21.59%     85.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::MemWrite     145385286     10.78%     96.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::IprAccess     47835048      3.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus01.op_class::total       1348245854                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits       256378269131                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses             4651                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses     4688825191                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits      232992018025                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses            4224                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_acv                  1                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses    4670637138                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_hits       489370287156                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_misses             8875                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_acv                   1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.data_accesses     9359462329                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_hits      279746090117                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_misses            2745                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus02.itb.fetch_accesses  279746092862                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus02.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles           1077088590639                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus02.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts      1076870039544                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps        1076870039544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_alu_accesses 1025588126738                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_alu_accesses     17762998                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.num_func_calls       18665165416                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus02.num_conditional_control_insts  88554960542                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_insts       1025588126738                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_insts            17762998                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_reads 1440489638669                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_int_register_writes 722660955142                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_reads     23118981                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus02.num_fp_register_writes     14976943                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus02.num_mem_refs        489370903803                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus02.num_load_insts      256378321380                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_store_insts     232992582423                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.num_idle_cycles     218122483.726791                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.num_busy_cycles     1076870468155.273193                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus02.not_idle_fraction       0.999797                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.idle_fraction           0.000203                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus02.Branches            130524609155                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::No_OpClass   9322763258      0.87%      0.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntAlu    484963786495     45.03%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntMult        5638416      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatAdd       7007894      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCmp       1462881      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatCvt       1094287      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatMult      2629847      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatDiv         64179      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::FloatSqrt        64000      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemRead   261039430948     24.24%     70.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::MemWrite  232992591331     21.64%     91.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::IprAccess  88533514884      8.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus02.op_class::total     1076870048420                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits          293640089                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses             1233                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses        7247860                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits         153699234                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses             317                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses       1500857                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_hits          447339323                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_misses             1550                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.data_accesses        8748717                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_hits         191141596                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_misses             467                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus03.itb.fetch_accesses     191142063                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus03.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles           1077088218477                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus03.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts        1369996722                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps          1369996722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_alu_accesses   1312494177                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_alu_accesses     13267883                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.num_func_calls          49543772                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus03.num_conditional_control_insts    109597672                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_insts         1312494177                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_insts            13267883                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_reads   1829665261                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_int_register_writes   1034962267                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_reads     15552073                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus03.num_fp_register_writes     12663584                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus03.num_mem_refs           447910646                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus03.num_load_insts         293653253                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_store_insts        154257393                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.num_idle_cycles     1075718771258.449219                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.num_busy_cycles     1369447218.550832                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus03.not_idle_fraction       0.001271                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.idle_fraction           0.998729                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus03.Branches               184827718                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::No_OpClass      6686514      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntAlu       843068276     61.54%     62.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntMult        4865746      0.36%     62.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     62.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatAdd       5816688      0.42%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCmp        263068      0.02%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatCvt       2709373      0.20%     63.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatMult      2966650      0.22%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatDiv          2641      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::FloatSqrt          824      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemRead      297770850     21.74%     84.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::MemWrite     154259621     11.26%     96.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::IprAccess     51588021      3.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus03.op_class::total       1369998272                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits          304312903                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses              837                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses        5656989                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits         164287884                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses             127                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses       1205591                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_hits          468600787                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_misses              964                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.data_accesses        6862580                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_hits         194491411                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_misses             215                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus04.itb.fetch_accesses     194491626                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus04.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles           1077088218320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus04.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts        1412647286                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps          1412647286                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_alu_accesses   1354005138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_alu_accesses     11604591                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.num_func_calls          50463191                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus04.num_conditional_control_insts    113483672                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_insts         1354005138                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_insts            11604591                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_reads   1885590758                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_int_register_writes   1063262198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_reads     13305996                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus04.num_fp_register_writes     11051021                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus04.num_mem_refs           469168231                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus04.num_load_insts         304323131                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_store_insts        164845100                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.num_idle_cycles     1075676121301.831421                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.num_busy_cycles     1412097018.168496                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus04.not_idle_fraction       0.001311                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.idle_fraction           0.998689                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus04.Branches               190753004                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::No_OpClass      7088133      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntAlu       861235514     60.97%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntMult        4876435      0.35%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatAdd       5073494      0.36%     62.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCmp        194160      0.01%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatCvt       2358752      0.17%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatMult      2515102      0.18%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatDiv          2594      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::FloatSqrt          824      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemRead      308652764     21.85%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::MemWrite     164846847     11.67%     96.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::IprAccess     55803631      3.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus04.op_class::total       1412648250                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits          277764414                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses            86762                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses       26783749                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits         127582832                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses            6009                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses       7729539                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_hits          405347246                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_misses            92771                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.data_accesses       34513288                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_hits         259488036                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_misses             273                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus05.itb.fetch_accesses     259488309                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus05.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles           1077088218302                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus05.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts        1326968374                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps          1326968374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_alu_accesses   1239347154                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_alu_accesses     64532825                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.num_func_calls          47519587                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus05.num_conditional_control_insts    105623771                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_insts         1239347154                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_insts            64532825                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_reads   1770776567                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_int_register_writes    979426098                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_reads     89062804                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus05.num_fp_register_writes     57364634                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus05.num_mem_refs           406017563                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus05.num_load_insts         277871282                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_store_insts        128146281                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.num_idle_cycles     1075761708401.500488                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.num_busy_cycles     1326509900.499518                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus05.not_idle_fraction       0.001232                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.idle_fraction           0.998768                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus05.Branches               176661722                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::No_OpClass      6397634      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntAlu       812934340     61.26%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntMult        7990313      0.60%     62.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     62.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatAdd      27180309      2.05%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCmp        216332      0.02%     64.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatCvt       6034660      0.45%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatMult     16182002      1.22%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatDiv        534325      0.04%     66.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::FloatSqrt       169738      0.01%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemRead      281320181     21.20%     87.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::MemWrite     128148238      9.66%     96.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::IprAccess     39953073      3.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus05.op_class::total       1327061145                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits          250875238                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits         119773691                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_hits          370648929                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_hits         114697117                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus06.itb.fetch_accesses     114697117                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus06.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles           1077088218249                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus06.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts        1181396618                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps          1181396618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_alu_accesses   1140556079                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_alu_accesses       110282                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.num_func_calls          46911494                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus06.num_conditional_control_insts     94854505                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_insts         1140556079                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_insts              110282                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_reads   1577812164                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_int_register_writes    913110863                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_reads        54318                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus06.num_fp_register_writes        55964                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus06.num_mem_refs           371213703                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus06.num_load_insts         250883468                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_store_insts        120330235                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.num_idle_cycles     1075907373186.762817                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.num_busy_cycles     1180845062.237167                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus06.not_idle_fraction       0.001096                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.idle_fraction           0.998904                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus06.Branches               163681881                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::No_OpClass      5310458      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntAlu       757650523     64.13%     64.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntMult        4759158      0.40%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatAdd          3292      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemRead      254328604     21.53%     86.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::MemWrite     120331865     10.19%     96.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::IprAccess     39012718      3.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus06.op_class::total       1181396618                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits          304257105                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses              830                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses        5578382                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits         164279173                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses             114                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses       1200344                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_hits          468536278                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_misses              944                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.data_accesses        6778726                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_hits         194057215                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_misses             213                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus07.itb.fetch_accesses     194057428                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus07.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles           1077088217963                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus07.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts        1412241088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps          1412241088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_alu_accesses   1353780850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_alu_accesses     11387092                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.num_func_calls          50468369                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus07.num_conditional_control_insts    113470645                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_insts         1353780850                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_insts            11387092                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_reads   1885013121                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_int_register_writes   1063103576                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_reads     13001701                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus07.num_fp_register_writes     10838587                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus07.num_mem_refs           469103732                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus07.num_load_insts         304267349                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_store_insts        164836383                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.num_idle_cycles     1075676527171.316650                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.num_busy_cycles     1411690791.683283                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus07.not_idle_fraction       0.001311                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.idle_fraction           0.998689                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus07.Branches               190736702                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::No_OpClass      7085949      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntAlu       861126121     60.98%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntMult        4866205      0.34%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatAdd       4975038      0.35%     62.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCmp        183952      0.01%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatCvt       2312079      0.16%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatMult      2453238      0.17%     62.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatDiv          2593      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::FloatSqrt          824      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemRead      308596642     21.85%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::MemWrite     164838082     11.67%     96.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::IprAccess     55801309      3.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus07.op_class::total       1412242032                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits          281092409                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses           102001                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses       30605702                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits         128746797                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses            5931                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_acv                 10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses       9045446                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_hits          409839206                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_misses           107932                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_acv                  10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.data_accesses       39651148                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_hits         280092725                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_misses             359                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus08.itb.fetch_accesses     280093084                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus08.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles           1077087801476                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus08.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts        1345136270                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps          1345136270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_alu_accesses   1250662319                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_alu_accesses     73910358                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.num_func_calls          47538616                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus08.num_conditional_control_insts    106883998                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_insts         1250662319                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_insts            73910358                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_reads   1794820498                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_int_register_writes    986586823                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_reads    102576861                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus08.num_fp_register_writes     65586416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus08.num_mem_refs           410525686                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus08.num_load_insts         281215786                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_store_insts        129309900                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.num_idle_cycles     1075743108916.113281                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.num_busy_cycles     1344692559.886680                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus08.not_idle_fraction       0.001248                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.idle_fraction           0.998752                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus08.Branches               178088180                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::No_OpClass      6585962      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntAlu       818566294     60.85%     61.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntMult        8517978      0.63%     61.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     61.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatAdd      31105274      2.31%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCmp        234080      0.02%     64.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatCvt       6698413      0.50%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatMult     18630410      1.38%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatDiv        627741      0.05%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::FloatSqrt       199408      0.01%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemRead      284664586     21.16%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::MemWrite     129311934      9.61%     97.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::IprAccess     40102132      2.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus08.op_class::total       1345244212                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits          250900496                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses              326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_acv                  12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses           1922                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits         119788168                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses              39                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_acv                  9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses           954                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_hits          370688664                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_misses              365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_acv                  21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.data_accesses           2876                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_hits         114720070                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_misses             125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus09.itb.fetch_accesses     114720195                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus09.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles           1077088218083                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus09.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts        1181539486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps          1181539486                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_alu_accesses   1140693828                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_alu_accesses       110521                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.num_func_calls          46914226                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus09.num_conditional_control_insts     94874691                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_insts         1140693828                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_insts              110521                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_reads   1577993827                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_int_register_writes    913212765                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_reads        54438                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus09.num_fp_register_writes        56085                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus09.num_mem_refs           371254537                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus09.num_load_insts         250909605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_store_insts        120344932                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.num_idle_cycles     1075907229645.938721                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.num_busy_cycles     1180988437.061254                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus09.not_idle_fraction       0.001096                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.idle_fraction           0.998904                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus09.Branches               163705842                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::No_OpClass      5313160      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntAlu       757743035     64.13%     64.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntMult        4759182      0.40%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatAdd          3324      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatDiv             3      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemRead      254355757     21.53%     86.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::MemWrite     120346584     10.19%     96.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::IprAccess     39018827      3.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus09.op_class::total       1181539872                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits          304291177                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses              848                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses        5628883                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits         164273385                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses             126                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses       1200351                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_hits          468564562                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_misses              974                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.data_accesses        6829234                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_hits         194258894                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_misses             227                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus10.itb.fetch_accesses     194259121                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus10.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles           1077088217896                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus10.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts        1412435986                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps          1412435986                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_alu_accesses   1354018021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_alu_accesses     11369772                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.num_func_calls          50464383                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus10.num_conditional_control_insts    113535937                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_insts         1354018021                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_insts            11369772                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_reads   1885324513                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_int_register_writes   1063253704                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_reads     12897723                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus10.num_fp_register_writes     10816522                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus10.num_mem_refs           469132060                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus10.num_load_insts         304301425                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_store_insts        164830635                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.num_idle_cycles     1075676332157.396240                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.num_busy_cycles     1411885738.603699                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus10.not_idle_fraction       0.001311                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.idle_fraction           0.998689                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus10.Branches               190806062                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::No_OpClass      7086939      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntAlu       861343987     60.98%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntMult        4865333      0.34%     61.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     61.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatAdd       4964118      0.35%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCmp        173744      0.01%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatCvt       2306680      0.16%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatMult      2427450      0.17%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatDiv          2596      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::FloatSqrt          824      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemRead      308631150     21.85%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::MemWrite     164832487     11.67%     96.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::IprAccess     55801652      3.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus10.op_class::total       1412436960                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits          304208607                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses              853                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses        5572150                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits         164261904                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses             126                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses       1201647                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_hits          468470511                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_misses              979                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.data_accesses        6773797                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_hits         194035830                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_misses             227                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus11.itb.fetch_accesses     194036057                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus11.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles           1077088217814                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus11.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts        1412136001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps          1412136001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_alu_accesses   1353598800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_alu_accesses     11455585                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.num_func_calls          50462247                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus11.num_conditional_control_insts    113451279                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_insts         1353598800                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_insts            11455585                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_reads   1884916590                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_int_register_writes   1062969724                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_reads     13156816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus11.num_fp_register_writes     10909375                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus11.num_mem_refs           469038073                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus11.num_load_insts         304218916                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_store_insts        164819157                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.num_idle_cycles     1075676632058.516479                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.num_busy_cycles     1411585755.483569                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus11.not_idle_fraction       0.001311                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.idle_fraction           0.998689                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus11.Branches               190706394                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::No_OpClass      7086430      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntAlu       860991577     60.97%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntMult        4871832      0.34%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatAdd       5008335      0.35%     62.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCmp        194160      0.01%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatCvt       2328045      0.16%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatMult      2488268      0.18%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatDiv          2591      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::FloatSqrt          824      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemRead      308548124     21.85%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::MemWrite     164820891     11.67%     96.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::IprAccess     55795903      3.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus11.op_class::total       1412136980                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits          281353753                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses           104018                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses       30482667                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits         128798829                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses            5102                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses       8991324                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_hits          410152582                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_misses           109120                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.data_accesses       39473991                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_hits         279331860                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_misses             209                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus12.itb.fetch_accesses     279332069                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus12.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles           1077088217771                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus12.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts        1346296649                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps          1346296649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_alu_accesses   1252079748                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_alu_accesses     73523924                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.num_func_calls          47601517                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus12.num_conditional_control_insts    107025025                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_insts         1252079748                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_insts            73523924                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_reads   1796540113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_int_register_writes    987852355                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_reads    102023882                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus12.num_fp_register_writes     65234430                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus12.num_mem_refs           410840170                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus12.num_load_insts         281479111                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_store_insts        129361059                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.num_idle_cycles     1075742363289.340088                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.num_busy_cycles     1345854481.659954                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus12.not_idle_fraction       0.001250                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.idle_fraction           0.998750                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus12.Branches               178321106                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::No_OpClass      6579864      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntAlu       819731689     60.88%     61.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntMult        8522239      0.63%     62.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     62.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatAdd      30939453      2.30%     64.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCmp        227492      0.02%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatCvt       6652721      0.49%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatMult     18526254      1.38%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatDiv        625139      0.05%     66.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::FloatSqrt       198584      0.01%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemRead      284928909     21.16%     87.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::MemWrite     129362798      9.61%     97.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::IprAccess     40110627      2.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus12.op_class::total       1346405769                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits          280771656                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses           101308                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses       30273317                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits         129054281                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses            6239                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses       9283266                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_hits          409825937                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_misses           107547                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.data_accesses       39556583                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_hits         278365596                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_misses             233                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus13.itb.fetch_accesses     278365829                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus13.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles           1077088217677                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus13.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts        1343553111                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps          1343553111                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_alu_accesses   1249451656                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_alu_accesses     72625032                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.num_func_calls          47543913                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus13.num_conditional_control_insts    106705679                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_insts         1249451656                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_insts            72625032                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_reads   1792195816                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_int_register_writes    985655883                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_reads    101183403                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus13.num_fp_register_writes     64384658                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus13.num_mem_refs           410511846                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus13.num_load_insts         280894124                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_store_insts        129617722                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.num_idle_cycles     1075745108273.572876                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.num_busy_cycles     1343109403.427171                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus13.not_idle_fraction       0.001247                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.idle_fraction           0.998753                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus13.Branches               177850256                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::No_OpClass      7058807      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntAlu       817586193     60.85%     61.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntMult        8496808      0.63%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatAdd      30548620      2.27%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCmp        233924      0.02%     64.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatCvt       6467800      0.48%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatMult     18380136      1.37%     66.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatDiv        625186      0.05%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::FloatSqrt       198590      0.01%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemRead      284346051     21.16%     87.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::MemWrite     129619833      9.65%     97.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::IprAccess     40098710      2.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus13.op_class::total       1343660658                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits          292031773                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses              851                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses        5450458                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits         153111070                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses             132                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses        978846                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_hits          445142843                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_misses              983                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.data_accesses        6429304                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_hits         181060240                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_misses             222                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus14.itb.fetch_accesses     181060462                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus14.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles           1077088217587                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus14.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts        1360991684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps          1360991684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_alu_accesses   1304990661                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_alu_accesses     11422688                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.num_func_calls          49569595                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus14.num_conditional_control_insts    109284315                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_insts         1304990661                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_insts            11422688                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_reads   1816544616                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_int_register_writes   1028727571                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_reads     12950613                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus14.num_fp_register_writes     10866380                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus14.num_mem_refs           445710397                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus14.num_load_insts         292042079                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_store_insts        153668318                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.num_idle_cycles     1075727776179.958374                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.num_busy_cycles     1360441407.041652                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus14.not_idle_fraction       0.001263                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.idle_fraction           0.998737                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus14.Branches               184551954                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::No_OpClass      6640471      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntAlu       838184757     61.59%     62.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntMult        4871727      0.36%     62.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     62.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatAdd       4987009      0.37%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCmp        173744      0.01%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatCvt       2317378      0.17%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatMult      2436838      0.18%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatDiv          2594      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::FloatSqrt          824      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemRead      296148180     21.76%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::MemWrite     153670038     11.29%     96.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::IprAccess     51559107      3.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus14.op_class::total       1360992667                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_hits                 0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_misses               0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.fetch_accesses             0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits          305009746                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses              837                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses        5854892                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits         164660813                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses             137                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses       1210856                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_hits          469670559                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_misses              974                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.data_accesses        7065748                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_hits         195433518                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_misses             212                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_acv                  0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus15.itb.fetch_accesses     195433730                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_acv                   0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_acv                  0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_hits                  0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_misses                0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_acv                   0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus15.itb.data_accesses              0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles           1077088217382                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.arm                  0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.quiesce              0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.inst.hwrei                0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus15.kern.swap_context              0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts        1416554205                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps          1416554205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_alu_accesses   1357830098                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_alu_accesses     11769598                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.num_func_calls          50570179                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus15.num_conditional_control_insts    113899769                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_insts         1357830098                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_insts            11769598                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_reads   1891556876                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_int_register_writes   1066110185                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_reads     13297699                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus15.num_fp_register_writes     11195744                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus15.num_mem_refs           470238052                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus15.num_load_insts         305019996                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_store_insts        165218056                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.num_idle_cycles     1075672213440.898193                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.num_busy_cycles     1416003941.101817                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus15.not_idle_fraction       0.001315                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.idle_fraction           0.998685                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus15.Branches               191343136                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::No_OpClass      7087225      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntAlu       864009332     60.99%     61.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntMult        4876415      0.34%     61.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IntDiv               0      0.00%     61.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatAdd       5138415      0.36%     62.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCmp        173744      0.01%     62.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatCvt       2388662      0.17%     62.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatMult      2499188      0.18%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatDiv          2594      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::FloatSqrt          824      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMult             0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemRead      309350794     21.84%     84.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::MemWrite     165219982     11.66%     96.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::IprAccess     55808004      3.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus15.op_class::total       1416555179                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       23195835                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq        6620369                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp       6620369                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       537259                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       519584                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      4396692                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      7067389                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp     10583758                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       1868331                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       866613                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     23195831                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      9637188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      9637188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     20717822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      5865722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     26583544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     20836680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      7507221                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total     28343901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     20907401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total     20907401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           85472034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    194972288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    194972288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side    402500304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     89865216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total    492365520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side    406481908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    124873280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total    531355188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side    408650864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total    408650864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total          1627343860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     25079057                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      60806049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.270482                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.444209                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3            44359119     72.95%     72.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4            16446930     27.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        60806049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
